NOTICE INVITING TENDER

FOR

Comprehensive Annual Operation and Maintenance (Day to Day) including round the clock
security service and repair & maintenance of all Civil Works including building, roads, hard
standings, paths, security wall, sewer lines, plumbing, drainage works, sanitary/pantry
fittings/fixture, other related items etc., Internal & External Electrical works /DG Sets/
specialized E&M equipments, Operation & CAMC of HVAC/VRV_System, Operation &
CAMC of Lifts, RO & Water Coolers, General Pest Control, STP Plants, Building
Management System (BMS) with CCTV_ camera, Fire Fighting system with Wet Riser,
Sprinkler & Fire Alarm, water supply system, Transformers, HT Electricity panels, LAN

System, Wi-Fi System, EPBAX System, STP, Solar Power Generation Plant, Rainwater
Harvesting System, Public Address System, IT Works ( Operation & CAMC of Audio & Video

Conferencing System, Networking, Switches, Active & Passive network components), O&M of

UPS.Mechanized Housekeeping, Horticulture as mentioned in the tender document of Central
Information Commission, CIC Building, Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka, New Delhi - 110067

(S K Rabbani)
Deputy Secretary(GA)

CENTRAL INFORMATION COMMISSION
Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka, New Delhi — 110067

Date: 17.2.2022
NOTICE INVITING E-TENDER

Central Information Commission hereby invites open tender from PSUs set up by the
Central or State Government to carry out civil or electrical works or any other Central/State
Government organization/PSU which may be notified by the Ministry of Urban Development
for such purpose and fulfilling the cligibility criteria as mentioned in subsequent paragraphs in two
bid system for carrying out the Comprehensive Annual Operation and Maintenance (Day to Day)
including round the clock security service and repair & maintenance of all Civil Works including
building, roads, hard standings, paths, security wall, sewer lines, plumbing, drainage works,
sanitary/pantry fittings/fixture, other related items etc., Internal & External Electrical works /DG
Sets/ specialized E&M equipment, Operation & CAMC of HVAC/VRV System, Operation &
CAMC of Lifts, RO & Water Cooler, General Pest Control, STP Plants, Building Management
System (BMS) with CCTV camera, Fire Fighting system with Wet Riser, Sprinkler & Fire Alarm,
water supply system, Transformers, HT Electricity panels, LAN System, Wi-Fi System, EPBAX
System, STP, Solar Power Generation Plant, Rain Water Harvesting System Public Address System,
IT Works ( Operation & CAMC of Audio & Video Conferencing System, Networking, Switches,
Active & Passive network components), O&M of UPS, Mechanized Housekeeping, Horticulture as
mentioned in the tender document of Central Information Commission, CIC HQ Building, Baba
Gangnath Marg, Munirka, New Delhi - 110067. Bids are invited from PSUs set up by the Central
or State Government to carry out civil or electrical works or any other Central/State
Government organization/PSU which may be notified by the Ministry of Urban Development
for such purpose with an objective to determine the lowest service charges for providing Project
Management Consultancy (PMC) to carry out the above mentioned scope of works.

' Tender Document No. No. 4/1/2021/CIC /P&B dated 17.02.2022

Comprehensive Annual Operation and Maintenance (Day to
Day) including round the clock security service and repair
and maintenance of all Civil Works including building,
roads, hard standings, paths, security wall, sewer lines,
plumbing, drainage works, sanitary/pantry fittings/fixture,
other related items etc. Internal & External Electrical works
/DG Sets/ specialized E&M equipment, Operation & CAMC
Name of work of HVAC/VRV System, Operation & CAMC of Lifts, RO
& Water Cooler, General Pest Control, STP Plants, Building
Management System (BMS) with CCTV camera, Fire
Fighting system with Wet Riser, Sprinkler & Fire Alarm,
water supply system, Transformers, HT Electricity panels,
LAN System, Wi-Fi System, EPBAX System, STP, Solar
Power Generation Plant, Rain Water Harvesting System,
| Public Address System, IT Works ( Operation & CAMC of

2

1.

Audio & Video Conferencing System, Networking,
Switches, Active & Passive network components),0&M of
UPS, Mechanized Housekeeping, Horticulture, as mentioned
in the tender document of Central Information Commission,
CIC HQ Building, Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka, New
Delhi - 110067

Estimated Cost

Rs. 4.04 Crore (Rs.iﬁaurm(‘ll:o‘r} Four lakhv(.il‘lrl‘);)_including
GST.

Period
execution

of contract

Earnest Money Deposit

Date & time of publ'isﬁing‘-
of tender on CPP Poytal

_| the approval of Competent Authority.

The duration of contract will be two years from signing of
MOU and ‘Period will be extendable annually for further
period of two years on same rates, terms & conditions’ with
Not required. However, the bidders are requested to submit
duly signed Bid-Securing Declaration Form in lieu of EMD as
per proforma given at Annexure- V.

17.02.2022  17:00 Hours.

Document download start |
date & time

17.02.2022  17:00 Hours

Bid submission start date &
time

17.02.2022  17:00 Hours

11:00 Hours

Date for Pre Bid
C!arlficatlon mecl{ng 09.03.2022
with  the prospective

vendors

Bid submission closing

date & time

tender(Technical Bids)

Date & Time of Opening
of Financial Bids (Price
Bid)

01.04.2022

31.03.2022  17:00 hours

11:00 Hours

To be intimated later

The tender document can be downloaded from CPP Portal (URL:_e-precurement.gov.in_) and

can also be downloaded from CIC website. “Corrigendum” if any, would appear only on the

above website.

Minimum Eligibility Crit

The interested PSUs set up

The tender document, complete in all respects should be submitted online in CPP Portal.

eria

by the Central or State Government to carry out civil or electrical

works or any other Central/State Government organization/PSU which may be notified by the
Ministry of Urban Development for such purpose meeting the following minimum qualifying

criteria:
A.

The works shall be executed by the PSUs set up by the Central or State Government

to carry out civil or electrical works or any other Central/State Government

3


B.

organization/PSU which may be notified by the Ministry of Urban Development for
such purpose as per the relevant code of practices of CPWD/PWD/I&FC and
enlistment/license with CPWD/PWD/I&FC.

Work Experience:

i) Experience of having successfully completed similar works during the last 7 years ending

previous day of last date of submission of tenders:

Three similar works each costing not less than the amount equal to 40% of the
estimated cost. or

Two similar works each costing not less than amount equal to 50% of the
estimated cost. or

One similar work costing not less than amount equal to 80% of the estimated cost

“Similar works” shall mean “ Setting up of Govt. office on Turnkey basis or
Annual Operation & Maintenance of buildings including round the clock
security service, Mechanized Housekeeping, Civil, E & M, horticulture, Fire
Fighting, Fire Alarm, Sanitary installations, Pest Control, Operation of Lifts,
DG sets and STP and CAMC of RO / Water Cooler, Building Management
system and UPS in public /Private sector.

The past experience in similar nature of work should be supported by certificates
issued by the client’s organization.

ii) The value of executed works shall be brought to the current level by enhancing the actual

value of work donc at a simple rate of 7% per annum, calculated from the date of
completion to previous day of last day of the submission of tenders.

Financial Strength:

The Average annual financial turnover during the last 3 years, ending 31* March of
the FY 2020-21 should be at least 30% of the estimated cost. The requisite Turn Over
shall be duly certified by a Chartered Accountant/ Project Manager with his Seal /
signatures and registration number.

ii) Net Worth of the company / firm as on 31st March of previous Financial Year should be

positive.

The intending bidders must read the terms and conditions of tender carefully. He should only
submit his tender if he considers himself eligible and he is in possession of all the documents.
R equired information and instructions for Tender posted on Website(s) shall form part of
Tender Document.

The Tender Documents as uploaded can be viewed and downloaded free of cost by anyone
including intending bidders.

4

10.

11.

12.

Set of Contract/Tender Documents:

The following documents will constitute set of tender documents:

a) Notice Inviting e-Tender

b) Guidelines for submission of tender

¢) Scope of work

d) Bill of quantities (BOQ)

e) Special conditions of contract

f) Memorandum (Annexure-I)

g) Acceptance of tender conditions (Annexure-II)

h) Annexure-III of NIT - Affidavit for correctness of Documents/ Information
i) Annexure IV — Bid Securing Declaration Form in lieu of EMD

j) Annexure V — Proforma of Performance of Bank Guarantce

k) Annexure VI — Price Bid Submission Form

1) Addendum/Corrigendum, if any-duly signed by authorized person

The bidders are required to quote strictly as per terms and conditions, specifications, standards
given in the tender documents and not to stipulate any deviations.

The bidders are advised to submit complete details with their bids as Technical Bid
Evaluation will be done on the basis of documents uploaded on website by the bidders
with the bids. The information should be submitted in the prescribed proforma. Bids
with Incomplete /Ambiguous information will be rejected.

The bidders are advised in their own interest to submit their bid documents well in advance
from last date/time of submission of bids so as to avoid problems which the bidders may face
in submission at last moment /during rush hours.

The bidders to submit copies of all the documents including valid GST registration, EPF &
ESIC registration, PAN No. as stipulated in the tender document.

If the bidder is found ineligible after opening of tenders, his tender shall become invalid.

Not with standing anything stated above, CIC reserves the right to assess the capabilities and
capacity of the bidders to perform the contract, in the overall interest of CIC. In case, bidders’
capabilities and capacities are not found satisfactory, CIC reserves the right to reject the tender.

Certificate of FinancialTurnover: At the time of submission of tender, the bidders shall upload
Affidavit / Certificate from Chartered Accountant mentioning Financial Turnover of last 3
years and further details if required may be asked from the bidders after opening of technical
bids. Thereis no need to upload entire voluminous balance sheet.

The bidders if required may submit queries, if any, through E-mail or in writing to the tender

inviting authority to seek clarifications within 7 working days from the date of uploading of

Tender on website. CIC will reply only those queries which arc essentially required for

submission of bids. CIC will not reply to the queries which are not considered fit like replies
5


of which can be implied/found in the NIT/Tender Documents or which are not relevant or in
contravention to NIT/Tender Documents, queries received after 7 working days from the date
of uploading of Tender on website, request for extension of time for opening of technical bids,
ctc. Technical Bids are to be opened on the scheduled dates as far as possible. Requests for
extension of opening of Technical Bids will not be entertained. If tender opening day is
declared a Holiday, the tender will be opened on next working day.

13. List of Documents to be submitted with the bid documents:

a) Bid Security Declaration Form in lieu of EMD.

b) Memorandum (Annexure-I) of NIT.

c) Letter of Acceptance of Tender Conditions unconditional (Annexure II) of NIT on letter
head of the bidder.

d) Annexure-III of NIT - Affidavit for correctness of Documents/ Information.

¢) Details of Work Experience Certificates

f) Details of Similar Works

g) Financial Details

h) Documents regarding Net Worth of the Company/Firm.

i) Power of Attorney of the person authorized for signing/submitting the tender.

j) Valid GST registration, EPF registration, ESICregistration, PAN No.

k) All pages of the entire Corrigendum (if any) duly signed by the authorized person.

1) Integrity pact

m) Registration Details of the contractor in the GST Act in the State at the location of the
Project.

NOTE: All the uploaded documents should be in readable, printable and legible form failing
which the Bids shall not be considered for evaluation.

14. CIC reserves the right to reject any or all tenders or cancel/withdraw the invitation for bid
without assigning any reasons what so ever thereof. CIC does not bind itself to accept lowest
tender. The CIC reserves the right to award the work to a single party or to split the work
amongst two or more parties as deemed necessary without assigning any reason thereof. The
contractor is bound to accept the portion of work as offered by CIC after split up at the
quoted/negotiated rates. No claim of the contractor whatsoever shall be entertained by CIC on
this account.

15. Canvassing in connection with the tender is strictly prohibited, and such canvassed tenders
submitted by the contractor will be liable to be rejected and his earnest money shall be
absolutely forfeited.

16. In case of any query, please contact Shri S.K. Rabbani, Deputy Secretary (GA) on Mobile
No. 9213139245 during the Office hours.

(S K Rabbani)
Deputy Secretary(GA)

Annexure — I
Memorandum

SL
No.

Description

Values / Description to be Applicable for Relevant Clause(s)

Name of Work

Tender for Comprehensive Annual Operation and Maintenance (Day to
Day) including round the clock security service and repair and
imaintenance of all Civil Works including building, roads, hard
standings, paths, security wall, sewer lines, plumbing, drainage works,
sanitary/pantry fittings/fixture, other related items etc. Internal &
External Electrical works /DG Sets/ specialized E&M equipment,
Operation & CAMC of HVAC/VRV System, Operation & CAMC of
Lifts, RO & Water Cooler, General Pest Control, STP Plants, Building
Management System (BMS) with CCTV camera, Fire Fighting system
with Wet Riser, Sprinkler & Fire Alarm, water supply system,
(Transformers, HT Electricity panels, LAN System, Wi-Fi System,
EPBAX Systems, STP, Solar Power Generation Plant, Rain Water
Harvesting System, Public Address System IT Works ( Operation &
CAMC of Audio & Video Conferencing System, Networking,
Switches, Active & Passive network components), O&M of UPS,
Mechanized Housekeeping, Horticulture, as mentioned in the tender
document of Central Information Commission, CIC HQ Building, Baba
(Gangnath Marg, Munirka, New Delhi — 110067.

Type of Tender

Open tender from PSUs set up by the Central or State Government
to carry out civil or electrical works or any other Central/State
Government organization/PSU which may be notified by the
Ministry of Urban Development for such purpose.

Earnest Money Deposi

t [Not required. However, the bidders are requested to submit duly signed
Bid-Securing Declaration Form in licu of EMD as per proforma given at

IAnnexure- IV.

Period
execution

of contra

ct| The duration of contract will be two years from signing of MOU and
‘Period will be extendable annually for further period of two years
on same rates, terms & conditions’ with the approval of Competent

Authority.

Mobilization Advance

Nil

Schedule  of
applicable*

Rates

: DSR 2019
Sanitary Works : DSR 2019
Electrical Works : DSR 2019

Civil Works

Validity of Bid

150 days , extendable up to 60 days more at the discretion of CIC

Performance
Guarantee

Bank| 3.00% (Three Percent Only) of contract value within 7 days from the

date of signing of MOU.

9

Defect Liability Period

NOT Applicable.

10

General Conditions

Contract

CPWD GCC 2020 for maintenance works with latest amendments, if
any.

of|


*The cost of tender has been prepared on the basis of Schedule of Rates of DSR 2019.  Schedule of
Rates as per latest DSR as amended from time to time will be applicable

From:

To,

Annexure — II
ACCEPTANCE OF TENDER CONDITIONS

(On the letter head of the company by the authorized officer having power of attorney)

Central Information Commission,
CIC HQs Building,

Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka,
New Delhi-110067

Subject: Tender for Comprehensive Annual Operation and Maintenance (Day to Day) including round

Sir,

the clock security service and repair and maintenance of all Civil Works including building,
roads, hard standings, paths, security wall, sewer lines, plumbing, drainage works,
sanitary/pantry fittings/fixture, other related items etc. Internal & External Electrical works
/DG Sets/ specialized E&M equipment, Operation & CAMC of HVAC/VRV System,
Operation & CAMC of Lifts, RO & Water Cooler, General Pest Control, STP Plants,
Building Management System (BMS) with CCTV camera, Fire Fighting system with Wet
Riser, Sprinkler & Fire Alarm, water supply system, Transformers, HT Electricity panels,
LAN System, Wi-Fi System, EPBAX Systems, STP, Solar Power Generation Plant, Rain
Water Harvesting System, Public Address System I'T Works ( Operation & CAMC of Audio
& Video Conferencing System, Networking, Switches, Active & Passive network
components), O&M of UPS, Mechanized Housckeeping, Horticulture, as mentioned in the
tender document of Central Information Commission, CIC HQ Building, Baba Gangnath
Marg, Munirka, New Delhi — 110067

i) This has reference to above referred tender. I/We are pleased to submit our tender for the
above work and I/We hereby unconditionally accept the tender conditions and tender
documents in its entirety for the above work.

ii) I/we are eligible to submit the tender for the subject tender and I/We are in possession of all
the documents required.

iii) I/We have viewed and read the terms and conditions of this GCC/SCC carefully. I/We have
downloaded the following documents forming part of the tender document:

a)
b)
©)
d)
e)

£
g)

Notice Inviting e-Tender

Guidelines for submission of tender

Scope of work

Bill of quantities

Special conditions of contract

Memorandum (Annexure-I)

Acceptance of tender conditions (Annexure-II)

9


h) Annexure-III of NIT— Affidavit for correctness of Documents/ Information.

i) Annexure IV — Bid Securing Declaration Form in lieu of EMD
j) Annexure V — Proforma of Performance of Bank Guarantee
k) Annexure VI - Price Bid Submission Form
1) Addendum/Corrigendum, if any-duly signed by authorized person

iv) Should this tender be accepted, I/'We agree to abide by and fulfill all terms and conditions

v)

referred to above and as contained in tender documents elsewhere and in default thereof, to
forfeit and pay CIC, or its successors or its authorized nominees such sums of money as are
stipulated in the notice inviting tenders and tender documents.

If I/we fail to commence the work after the date of issue of Letter of Award and/or I/we fail
to sign the agreement as per Clauses of Contract and/or I/we fail to submit performance
guarantee as per of Clauses of Contract, I/we agree that CIC shall, without prejudice to any
other right or remedy, be at liberty to cancel the Letter of Award and to forfeit the said
earnest money as specified above.

Yours faithfully,

(Signature of the bidder With rubber stamp)

10

Annexure-I11
AFFIDAVIT

(To be submitted in original by bidder on non-judicial stamp paper of Rs. 100/- (Rupees
Hundred only) duly attested by Notary Public)

(To be submitted in Envelope-1)

Affidavit of Mr. R/o
I, the deponent above named do hereby solemnly affirm and declare as under:
1. That I am the Proprictor/Authorized signatory of M/S ..........cccoeviviviiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeinnn,
Having its Head Office/Regd. Office at
2. That the information/documents/Experience certificates submitted by
WlShosmsomranemnssmnn i o along -yith. (the “1ender STOE . iciormibsms s (Name of

3. Ishall have no objection in case CIC verifies them from issuing authority (ies). I shall also have
no objection in providing the original copy of the document(s), in case Central Information
Commission demands so for verification.

4. 1 hereby confirm that in case, any document, information & / or certificate submitted by me
found to be incorrect / false / fabricated, CIC at its discretion may disqualify / reject / terminate the
bid/contract and forfeit All dues.

5. I shall have no objection in case CIC verifies any or all Bank Guarantee(s) under any of the
clause(s) of Contract including those issued towards Performance Guarantee from the Zonal Branch
/office issuing Bank and I/We shall have no right or claim on my submitted PBG before Central
Information Commission receives said verification.

6. That the Bank Guarantee issued against the PBG issued by (name and address of the Bank) is
genuine and if found at any stage to be incorrect / false / fabricated, Central Information
Commission shall reject my bid, cancel pre-qualification and debar me from participating in any
future tender for three years.

7. I hereby confirm that our firm/company is not blacklisted/barred/banned from tendering by the
Government / PSUs. If this information is found incorrect, CIC at its discretion may disqualify /
reject / terminate the bid/contract.

8. The person who has signed the tender documents is our authorized representative. The Company
is responsible for all of his acts and omissions in the tender.

11


| o TR , the Proprietor / Authorized signatory of M/s.................. do hereby
confirm that the contents of the above Affidavit are true to my knowledge and nothing has been
concealed there from and that no part of it is false.

Verified at ................ this..oceeee. day of c.ocoveveeiennn

DEPONENT
ATTESTED BY (NOTARY PUBLIC)

12

Annexure-I1V
Form of Bid-Securing Declaration in lieu of EMD
Letter Head of the Bidder
Bid No..
Date

The Deputy Secretary (P&B),
Central Information Commission,
CIC HQ Building,

Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka,
New Delhi-110067

I/We, the undersigned, declare that:
I/We understand that bids must be supported by a Bid Securing Declaration.

I/We accept that I/We may be disqualified from bidding for any contract with you/Central Information
Commission for a period of three (3) years from the date of notification if I am/We are in a breach of
any obligation under the bid conditions, because I/We

(a) Have withdrawn/modified/amended, impairs or derogates from the tender, my/our Bid during
the period of bid validity or its expended period, if any;
or
(b) Having been notified of the acceptance of our Bid by the purchaser during the period of bid
validity (i) fail or refuse the contract, if required, or (ii) fail or refuse to furnish the Performance
Bank Guarantee, in accordance with the Instructions to Bidders.

I/We understand this Bid Securing Declaration shall cease to be valid, if I am/We are not the successful
Bidder, upon the earlier of (i) the receipt of your notification of the name of the successful Bidder; or
(if) thrity days after the expiration of the validity of my/our Bid.

Signed: (insert signature of person whose name and capacity are shown)

In the capacity of (insert legal capacity of person signing the Bid Securing Declaration)
Name : (insert complete name of person signing the Bid Securing Declaration)

Duly authorized to sign the bid for and on behalf of (insert complete name of Bidder)

Datedon. ~~  dayof ~~~~  (insertdate of signing)

Corporate Seal (where appropriate)

13


Annexure-V
PROFORMA OF PERFORMANCE BANK GUARANTEE
(Judicial Stamp paper of appropriate value as per stamp Act-of respective state)

To,

Central Information Commission,

CIC Building,

Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka,

New Delhi-110067
Whereasthe ~  having its Registered Office at CIC HQ Building, Baba Gangnath Marg,
Munirka, New Delhi - 110067 (hereinafter called "CIC" which expression shall include its successors
and assigns) having awarded a work order/contract / supply order No. dated (hereinafter

(hereinafter called the contractor /
subject to the terms and conditions contained in the

called the contract) to M/s. ......
supplier) at a total price of Rs....
contract.

WHEREAS, the terms and conditions of the contract require the contractor to furnish a bank guarantee
for Rs......coc..... (Rupees........ccevene ) being 3% of the total value of the contract for proper
execution and due fulfillment of the terms and conditions contained in the contract.

We, the  Bank, (hereinafter called the "Bank") do hereby unconditionally and irrevocably undertake
to pay to CIC, immediately on demand in writing and without protest/or demur all moneys payable
by the contractor/supplier to CIC in connection with the execution/supply of and performance of
the works/equipment, inclusive of any loss, damages, charges, expenses and costs caused to or
suffered by or which would be caused to or suffered by CIC by reason of any breach by the
contractor/supplier of any of the terms and conditions contained in the contract as specified in the
notice of demand made by CIC to the bank. Any such demand made by CIC on the bank shall be
conclusive evidence of the amount due and payable by the bank under this guarantee. However, the
Bank's liability under this guarantee, shall be limited to Rs.............. in the aggregate and the bank
hereby agrees to the following terms and conditions:-

(i) This guarantee shall be a continuing guarantee and irrevocable for all claims of CIC as specified
above and shall be valid during the period specified for the performance of the contract.

(ii) We, the said bank further agree with CIC that CIC shall have the fullest liberty without our
consent and without affecting in any manner our obligations and liabilities hereunder to vary
any of the terms and conditions of the said contract or to extend time for performance of contract
by the contractor from time to time or to postpone for any time or from time to time any of the
powers exercisable by CIC against the contractor/ supplier under the contract and forbear or
enforce any of the terms and conditions relating to the said contract and we shall not be
relieved from our liability by reason of any such variations or extension being granted to the
contractor or for any forbearance, act or omission on the part of CIC or any indulgence by
CIC to the contractor or by any such matter or thing whatsoever, which under the law relating to
the sureties would, but for this provision, have effect of so relieving us.

14

(iii) This guarantee / undertaking shall be in addition to any other guarantee or security whatsoever
CIC may now or at any time have in relation to the performance of the works/equipment and
the company shall have full re-course to or enforce this security in performance to any other
security or guarantee which the CIC may have or obtained and there shall be no forbearance on
the part of the company in enforcing or requiring enforcement of any other security which shall
have the effect of releasing the Bank from its full liability. It shall not be necessary for CIC to
proceed against the said contractor/supplier before proceeding against the Bank.

(iv) This guarantee/ undertaking shall not be determined or affected by the liquidation or winding up,
dissolution or change of constitution or insolvency of the supplier/ contractor, but shall in all
respects and for all purposes be binding and operative until payment of all moneys payable to
CIC in terms thereof are paid by the Bank.

The Bank hereby waives all rights at any time inconsistent with the terms of this Guarantee and
the obligations of the bank in terms hereof, shall not be otherwise effected or suspended by
reasons of any dispute or disputes having been raised by the supplier/contractor (whether or not
pending  before  any Arbitrator, Tribunal or Court) or any denial of liability by the
supplier/contractor stopping or preventing or purporting to stop or prevent any payment by the
Bank to CIC in terms hereof.

(v

-

We, the said Bank, lastly undertake not to revoke this guarantee during its currency except with the
previous consent of CIC in writing upon expiry of which, we shall be relieved from all liabilities under
this guarantee thereafter.

Signed this! ...t [F: 00005 i —————— At

For and on behalf of Bank

WITNESS.

Note:
Validity- Bank Guarantee shall be submitted for a period of 30 months from the date of work order.

15


Annexure VI
PRICE BID SUBMISSION FORM

To,

Central Information Commission
CIC HQ Building,

Baba Gangnath Marg,

Munirka, New Delhi — 110067

Ref: Your Bid Document No. 4/1/2021/CIC Bldg/(P&B) dated

We, the undersigned have examined the above mentioned Bidding Document, including
amendment/corrigendum No.  dated ~ (if any), the receipt of which is hereby confirmed.
We hereby submit our proposal in conformity with your above referred bid document for the Service
Charges in the price Bid as below, attached herewith and made part of this Bid:

S. No. | Description of Work BT [ Project Management
Consultancy Charges (%)
VN R | ﬁguFES- [ Inwords
1. j C01npr—c;h“c‘ri§1:v\'/;crAlv'lrnuiailrvf)'pcr?a't’ii(;ﬁ and Maintenance

(Day to Day) including round the clock security
service and repair and maintenance of all Civil
Works including building, roads, hard standings,
paths, security wall, sewer lines, plumbing, drainage
works, sanitary/pantry fittings/fixture, other related
items etc. Internal & External Electrical works /DG
Sets/ specialized E&M equipment, Operation &
CAMC of HVAC/VRV System, Operation &
CAMC of Lifts, RO & Water Cooler, General Pest
Control, STP Plants, Building Management System
(BMS) with CCTV camera, Fire Fighting system
with Wet Riser, Sprinkler & Fire Alarm, Air
Conditioning ~ system, water supply system,
Transformers, HT Electricity panels, LAN System,
Wi-Fi System, EPBAX System, STP, Solar Power
Generation Plant, Rain Water Harvesting System,
Public Address System, IT Works ( Operation &
CAMC of Audio & Video Conferencing System,
Networking, Switches, Active & Passive network
components), O&M of UPS and Mechanized
Housekeeping and Horticulture as mentioned in the
tender document of CIC Building, Baba Gangnath
Marg, Munirka, New Delhi — 110067

16

We agree to keep our Bid valid for acceptance for 150 days or for subsequently extended period, if any,
agreed to by us. We also accordingly confirm to abide by this Bid up to the aforesaid period and this
Bid may be accepted any time before the expiry of the aforesaid period. We further confirm that, until a
formal contract is executed, this Bid read with your written acceptance thereof within the aforesaid
period shall constitute a binding contract between us.

We agree to all terms and conditions of Central Information Commission. We have read and well
understood the provisions made in Para 4 of “Guidelines for Submission of Tender”. We further
understand that Central Information Commission is not bound to accept the lowest or any Bid you may
receive against your above referred Bid Reference.

We confirm that we do not stand de-registered/banned/blacklisted by any Govt Authorities.

We confirm that we fully agree to the terms and conditions specified in above mentioned bidding
document, including amendment/corrigendum, if any.

(Signature with date, name and designation)

Duly authorized to sign Bid and on behalf of

(Name of Organization)

17

GUIDELINES FOR SUBMISSION OF E-TENDER

The bids are to be submitted as under: -

Bids received without bid security declaration form shall be summarily rejected and the
Technical Bid of those Tenderers shall not be opened.

Technical Bids containing requisite documents as listed in the check list appended with the
Tender Documents, shall have to be placed in a separate sealed envelope superscribed as
“Technical Bid for Comprehensive Annual Operation and Maintenance works of CIC Building
due will be opened on 30.03.2022 (11:00 hours)”.

Financial Bid as per Annexure-VI as prescribed in the tender documents shall have to be placed
in a separate scaled envelope superscribed as “Financial Bid for Comprehensive Annual
Operation and Maintenance works CIC HQ Building due for opening on

2. Date, Time and Venue for Submission of Tender :-

The stipulated date, time  for submission of Tender is 29.03.2022 (17:00 hours). The
Technical and Financial Bids are to be submitted online in CPP Portal. These documents shall
be opened on 30.03.2022 (11:00 hours) (Technical Bid) and . . 2022 (Financial Bids) as
communicated separately.

3. Opening of Bid:

The tenderer is at liberty either himself or authorize not more than one representative on his
behalf to witness the opening of the tender. The representative attending the opening of the
tender on behalf of the tenderer should bring with him bid acknowledgement slip on the date
and time indicated in the “Schedules of Tender”. Financial Bids of such tenderer shall only be
opened whose technical bids are found suitable and technically qualified.

4.  Comparison of Bids and Award Criteria:

(i) A panel will be prepared based on service charges quoted by bidders. Agency quoting
the lowest service charges shall be considered as successful for award of work. In case,
same service charges are quoted by more than one agency, award of work will be
considered to these agencies on the basis of average turnover of last three years.

(ii) CIC also reserves the right to award any or all works on the lowest service charges as
determine in Para 4(i) above to any other eligible agency also.

5. TERMS OF PAYMENT:
The payment shall be made after completion of work and submission of monthly invoice to

CIC. Therefore it is advised to furnish their Bank details etc. so that payment can be made
through e- payment/NEFIT/RTGS. No other mode of payment shall be accepted.

18

SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (SCC)

. The contract means the documents forming the tender and acceptance thereof and the formal
agreement executed between the competent authority on behalf of the tenderer and the Central
Information Commission together with the documents referred to therein including these
conditions and instructions issued from time to time. All these documents taken together shall
be deemed to form one contract and shall be complementary to one another. In case of
difference, contradiction, discrepancy, dispute with regard to General Conditions of Contract,
the provision made in the Special Conditions of Contract (SCC) will prevail.

. The duration of contract will be 02 years from the date of start of work extendable annually up
to a further period of two years on the same rates, terms and conditions at the sole discretion of
the CIC if it is fully satisfied with the performance of the agency and if it is required.(The
estimate is prepared for 1* year and second year basic value may be taken as 10% escalation.)

3. The tenderer shall visit the site and shall satisfy him-self as to conditions under which the work
is to be performed. He shall also check and ascertain the condition of the complete
Housekeeping, Horticulture, Sanitary & Electrical Installations, Operation of Lifts, AMC of
Rodent & Pest Control, Refilling of Fire extinguishers & their defective parts and the locations
of any existing structures or equipment or any other situation, which may affect the work. No
extra claim for ignorance or on the ground of insufficient description will be allowed at a later

date.

. The agency shall be responsible to collect the feedback forms from each allottee every month
(specimen of feedback form placed at Technical specification and scope of work). Based on the
observations, if any, recorded by the allottee, necessary action shall have to be initiated by the
agency and defects/deficiencies shall have to be attended immediately and is to be brought to the
notice of the Commission.

“5. No extra payment shall be made by the Commission if tenderer chooses to deploy more
workforces on its own than mentioned in the tender documents. If any short supply of any
category of worker then recovery per worker per day shall be deducted from the RA bills as
specified in the scope of work.

6. MINIMUM WAGES

It shall be the responsibility of tenderer to pay minimum wages to the workers as applicable/
revised from time to time during the period of the contract. This tender is prepared on the basis
of Central Government minimum wages issued vide notification dated 24.04.2021. Wages as
per latest Central Government notification in this regard as amended from time to time will be

applicable.

However, any increase or decrease in minimum wages after the last date of submission of bids by
the Government during the tenure of the project shall be reimbursed/ deducted with/ from the
monthly bills of the tenderer based on the applicability of revised rates and on production of
suitable evidences as per the norms that tenderer has paid the revised rate to the labour.

19

In case the tenderer fails to abide by any of the conditions a financial penalty per every default as
decided by the Commission will be imposed.

7. BIOMETRIC ATTENDANCE

The tenderer shall install a Biometric Attendance Machine for his workforce and attendance
record to be given with the monthly Running bill. List of staff being posted to be given with
their experience and credentials.

8. COMPLAINT MONITORING SYSTEM

The Tenderer shall set up an online Complaint Monitoring System at site as per the approved
agency notified by the Commission for which a Computer with computer operator, printer and
internet connectivity shall be provided by the Commission. All checklist, logbook should be
submitted in online complaint monitoring system on daily basis.

9. Upon awarding the work to the tenderer, tenderer shall furnish Standard Operating Procedure
(SOP) for Operation & Maintenance of the building premises in line with requirement of the
building and same shall be submitted to the Commission within 15 days of the awarding of the
work. In case, SOP is not prepared by the tenderer, no Running Bill of contractor shall be
processed for payment.

10. Timeline for attending the defects and penalty for the delay;

The tenderer has to attend any breakdown in any of the equipments within definite timeline so
that office work does not suffer for non availability of these services. He has to ensure that all
minor breakdowns/complaints are set right within 4 hours of its occurrence on the same day
from the time it is reported /informed to the tenderer through complaint monitoring system or by
telephone (Extension) or by verbal complaints by the Commission. A simple telephonic call by
clients(CIC) officers also will always be treated as a complaint for this purpose. From the time
of reporting, all the defects have to be removed within 48 hours of its occurrence. The tenderer
will keep all necessary spare parts of these equipments ready in the stock. If the tenderer fails
to deliver the services within the time, Liquidated Damages will be charged @ 0.5% per
week or part of the week of delayed period not exceeding 5% of the contract value.

1

—

. The tenderer shall be responsible for the compliances of the following statutory requirements,
which are applicable at present:

i) EPF — 12% of total wage for employer- employee share and may be released as ECR, challan
submitted to the contractor. If contractor fails to submit proof of ECR, same shall be recovered
from Running Bills.

ii) EPF Admn ./ Service charges

iii) ESIC Charges 3.25 %

iv) Bonus 8.33% of monthly wages.

V) Weekly off- 4 days per month for the worker deployed for 7 days a week by the contractor

Vi) GST @ 12% or as applicable.

20

Tenderer is fully responsible for compliances of above statutory requirements, as revised time to time if
revised by concern authorities.

The final quoted / agreed rates by the tenderer shall be deemed to be inclusive of all the elements for
meeting the statutory and other requirements mentioned in the conditions of contract. Present minimum
wages notification dated 24.04.2021* of central government are as follows :-

Highly Skilled : Rs. 22178 for 26 days
Skilled : Rs. 20384 for 26 days
Semi skilled : Rs. 18564 for 26 days
Unskilled 1 Rs. 16770 for 26 days
Security Officer (DGR) : Rs. 25347 for 26 days
Security Supervisor : Rs. 22178 for 26 days
Gunman : Rs. 22178 for 26 days
Security Guard 1 Rs. 20384 for 26 days

* Wages as per latest Central Government notification in this regard as amended from time to time
will be applicable.

The tenderer shall give the liveries to all workers at his own cost as per following details:-

Uniform of approved colour: 2 Set of stitched pant and full sleeve shirt every year
One Pair Leather shoes with socks —Once in a year

Woolen sweater/Jackets — Once in a year

Raincoat to Security Personnel- Once in a year

The above shall be complied by the agency within 15 days from the date of start of work, without any
fail. Tenderer is fully responsible for any consequences if arise any. No extra claim, whatsoever, in this
regard, shall be entertained.

12.  The whole work is split into two packages:

(A)  Tender for the work Operation &Comprehensive Maintenance of Civil Installation, HT &
LT Electrical Installation, Solar Power Generation Plant & Solar Water Heater, Fire
Fighting, Fire Alarm, PA System, Substation, DG Sets, Lifts, VRV Systems, Water Supply
Pumps, STP, BMS System, IT & AV Services, EPABX, AMC of all low Voltage
equipments, CAMC of VRV System, Horticulture works, Mechanized Housekeeping, Pest
& Rodent Control and 24x7 Security Services etc. for Central Information Commission
Building, Baba Gang Nath Marg New Delhi-110067.

(B) CAMC work of 04 Nos. of Lifts installed at CIC Building, Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka,
New Delhi.

21

w

— -

S. | DETAILS OF | BUILD  UP | TOTAL CAMPUS

NO. BUILDING AREA IN SQM PLOT AREA IN SQM

SCOPE OF WORK

Operation & Comprehensive Maintenance of Civil Installation, HT & LT Electrical Installation,
Fire Fighting, Fire Alarm, PA System, Substation, DG Sets, Lifts, VRV Systems, Water Supply Pumps,
BMS System, IT & AV Services, EPABX, AMC of all low Voltage equipment, CAMC of VRV System
Horticulture works, Mechanized Housekeeping, Pest & Rodent Control and 24x7 Security Services etc.
for Central Information Commission Building, Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka, New Delhi-110067.

The details of the complex are as under:-

/

“Basements (B1+B2)
+ Ground Floor + 4 Floors

9772 SQM 4653 SQM

= QI Imp e

NOTE- Basement Area of Building is 2882 Sqm

Details of Services covered in this contract:-

Civil services i/c internal & external maintenance of buildings, Toilets, roads,
pavements, and path drains works, boundary wall etc.

E & M Service’s i/c Electrical Internal & External Installations. Street — Lights,
HT, LT Panels etc.

Fire Fighting Services.

Water Supply i/c Pumps, Sewerage System/Network.

DG Sets & Sub Station.

Lifts.

Horticulture, Mechanized Housckeeping, Pest Control etc.

IT & AV Services, EPABX, CCTV, BMS, Fire Alarm, Public Address System and other

Low Voltage Services etc.
CAMC works for VRV System, Low voltage Items etc.
24x7 Security Services & providing scarching mirror, metal detector and walky talky.

1. The tenderer will deploy a Facility Manager (FM) at site in general shift on all working and
nonworking days, who will coordinate all the above services to be provided at CIC premises at
no extra cost. He will be responsible to see that there is no deficiency in the work, will take
&implement all instructions from the Commission. The FM must be Graduate in Electrical /
Civil Engineering with minimum 3 years of experience in the maintenance field. In case FM

is found absent from his duty, a penalty @ Rs. 2000 per day shall be made.

2. Work shall be carried out as per CPWD specifications wherever applicable. Safety
procedure as indicated in CPWD specification of Civil/Electrical work Water Supply
System, STP Work/HVAC work and DG Sets & Sub Station work, Lifts Work/Fire
Fighting/ Fire Alarm Work/BMS/ Wet Riser/ Sprinkler &IT & AV Works and

EPABX etc. should be strictly followed.

22

. The rates quoted shall be inclusive of wages of trained Plumber/
Carpenter/Operator/Supervisor/Electrician/Fire Operator/E&M Operator/ wireman/
Khallasi etc. - including relievers, cleaning materials and minor/ petty materials
required for minor repair/ rectification etc. , uniform, bonus, EPF, ESIC and GST
and other all taxes and duties etc. as applicable.

. The tenderer shall take all precautions for safety of the workmen. If any accident /
miss-happening occur, the Commission shall not be responsible for the same. If any
compensation is to be paid to the victim, the tenderer shall pay the same and no
claim in this account shall be entertained by the Commission.

. The tenderer shall furnish name & contact number of the persons, who should be
contacted during emergency.

. All the malba or rubbish, sweeping waste, construction waste, complete horticulture
waste, household waste of the entire campus, or any other waste collected/ obtained
from dismantling or otherwise during the maintenance and execution of the work
have to be collected at the centralized place and to be disposed off outside the
campus to a place to be arranged by the tenderer. Nothing extra shall be paid for
transportation and arrangement of disposal place except otherwise mentioned in
BOQ item, if any. Further, all the malba or rubbish, sweeping waste,
construction waste, horticulture waste, house hold waste, or any other waste
collected/ obtained from dismantling shall be brought down through the staircase and
shall not be thrown to the ground directly.

. No temporary huts/ structures will be constructed by the tenderer at the site of work
or at any Government land. Such structures, if any found at the site or at Government
land will be demolished and removed without any notice. The tenderer will not pitch
up tents for labourers, materials and his stores etc.

. The tenderer shall prepare a Sub Head wise “fortnightly/Monthly” duty chart with
name and duty hours stated therein. The same shall be submitted to the SITE IN
CHARGE concerned at least seven days in advance.

. In case of any damage to any equipment due to negligence of the tenderer’s staff, the
same will have to be made good by the tenderer at his cost. Failure to which suitable
recovery will be made from the tenderer’s bill as decided by the Commission.

10. Regular preventive maintenance for all services shall be carried out by deputing

exclusive preventive maintenance teams which shall be comprised of each one of
Carpenter, Plumber & Electrician. Payment on this account shall be inclusive in
quoted rates and nothing extra shall be paid on this account.

11. The tenderer shall replace the staff immediately, in the event of misconduct by him.

12. The tenderer is advised to visit the site of work before quoting the rates, in order to

ascertain the quantum and location of works.
23


1.3,

14,

15.

16.

17.

iii.

18.

For the purpose of categorization of staff as highly skilled, skilled, semiskilled
and unskilled, the sweepers/ Beldar/ Helper shall be taken as unskilled, plumber,
carpenter, wireman, electrician, shall be taken as skilled and IT Engineer,
Supervisor, shall be taken as highly skilled. They should wear different dresses.

All the Engineers, Supervisors and staff including labours engaged by the
tenderer under this contract shall wear neat and clean uniforms as approved
by the Commission along with name badges. Identity cards duly signed by
tenderer or his representative shall be issued to each personnel.

It shall be entirely the responsibility of the tenderer to ensure that no unlawful acts
done by his persons while on duty. In case any theft/loss of departmental property
take place due to the negligence or carclessness of his personnel, the tenderer will
be held responsible and shall make good of the same.

The tenderer shall have to provide round the clock communication system i.e.
mobile phone or wireless landline set at any one designated place such as sub-
station/fire pump house/fire control room/ electrical enquiry within the tendered
rates till the completion of work for which nothing extra shall be paid. This
communication system is meant for lodging complaints to Local electricity Board,
Lifts service center etc. and also for taking instructions from the department.

Terms of payment and other facilities for workers:-

The tenderer is bound to distribute the salary/ wages to his worker up to 7th of each
month, positively, by cheque or IMPS/NEFT/RTGS as feasible and has to furnish a
certificate to this effect on prescribed format. In the absence of this certificate, no
payment shall be made / released. If contractor fails to disburse the salary without
any justification, necessary penalty shall be imposed as decided by the
Commission.

ii. The tenderer shall be responsible for paying compensation to the worker, if

required, and keep the CIC informed.

The tenderer shall take all precaution for safety of the workmen. If any accident /
miss-happening occurs, the CIC shall not be responsible for the same. Tenderer is
required to take insurance cover under the Workman Compensation Act, 1923
amended from time to time from an approved insurance company within 10 days of
signing of MOU and pay premium charges thereof.

Terms of Payment for the contractor

The healthiness of the complete system shall be evaluated on the method detailed

in additional terms and conditions of individual Sub Head. Production of Bill on
Electronic measurement book along with re-writeable CD and Bill in triplicate by

24

5™Day of the Every Month. Payments to the tenderer shall be made, ‘on monthly
basis’ after production of following proof:

(i) Documentary proof of disbursement of wages to the workers. The copy of wage
register in the format shall be produced with R/A or final bill.

(i) Tenderer is advised to strictly adhere to prevailing laws.
(iii) Challans in token of depositing EPF, ESIC with the concerned Authority.

19. Inventory:

The tenderer shall take over the detailed inventory from the CIC, which will be maintained
by SITE IN CHARGE at their Site Office against each sub head mentioned in Schedule of
work and, any short comings noticed at the time of taking over shall be brought out
specifically to the notice of CIC. Rectification cost, if any shall be approved by CIC failing
which it shall be presumed that the site has been taken over in perfect working order. On
completion of work against each sub head mentioned in Schedule of work shall be handed
over to Site-in Charge or any authorized representative. In case any short fall or damage to
the installation is noticed, the tenderer shall make good of the same with same make
equipment or as directed by the Commission, failing to do so, the recovery shall be affected
from any payment due to the tenderer. The decision of the Commission shall be final and
binding. Unserviceable items, if any shall also brought in the notice of CIC for further
necessary action.

20. Consumables:

(i) All consumables required for day to day preventive maintenance & Comprehensive
maintenance shall be arranged by the tenderer as per BOQ.

(i)  Cost of the tools &tackles required for workers for attending complaints shall be
borne by the tenderer. No Claim of such tools & tackles shall be paid to him.

(iii)  The tenderer should maintain a stock register for material purchased and consumed
for maintenance work. This register should clearly indicate date wise receipt of
material and material consumed on work. The tenderer should also maintain a register
for un- serviceable material received during repair work, which shall be the property
of the Commission.

21. All tools & tackles and machineries whichever is required for maintenance
work shall be provided by the tenderer and nothing extra shall be payable on this
account by the Commission.

25

i

Additional Terms & Conditions of Civil Maintenance (Sub Head-I

Maintenance of Civil Maintenance as specified in Schedule of Work and as directed by the Site
In-Charge or his representative.

1. Scope of Work:-

(i) The work involves comprehensive maintenance work of the Building premises including
minor civil maintenance and repair work, earth work, concrete work, carpentry work,
painting, repairing and all other civil & interior works and shall be done within the
quoted rates.

(if) Maintenance of water tank including cleaning, disinfection etc., water pipe lines,
drainage lines, toilet and washbasin, urinals, W/C, Choke up of flushing, replacement /
alteration of components, rectifications of leakage and repair of entire sewage system of
the building etc.

(iii) The tenderer shall clean the water tanks (O/H & U/G), rain water lines, sewerage lines,
manholes etc. of the complex at every six months duration and record of the same shall
also be maintained and checked by the Site in-Charge. The tenderer shall record the date
of cleaning and next date due for cleaning on all the terrace tanks, underground sump
and over head tanks with paint within 2 days of the completion of the cleaning
operation. The cost of the same is inclusive in the head of civil maintenance and nothing
extra shall be paid to the contractor on account of this work.

(iv) Check all the area for damaged false ceiling, floor carpet tiles, glazing, wooden doors,
Aluminum doors & window and re-fix/replace/repair wherever necessary.

(v) Check the glass door & its functional aspects i.e. Floor springs, handle etc. and re-
fix/repair/replace where ever necessary.

(vi) Removal of any landslides/ fallen trees or any part of structure there which is unwanted
inside the fencing of premises / repairs thereof.

2. Staff deployment and their qualifications: The tenderer shall depute qualified and
experienced staff as per requirement. Before starting the work the tenderer will submit list of
workers along with their qualification and address etc.

The following staff shall be engaged by the tenderer in general shift on all days of the week
(except Sundays and 03 National Holidays):-

S. Desiigiﬂzilioﬁﬂ ijlxberienccv Nos. Duty

No.
1 Plumber Three Year | 1 General Shift only
2 | Campenter  [Three Year | 1 |
3. | Mason  [ThreeYear | 1 |General Shiftonly

26

Helper for PlumberJOne Year in| 3 |General Shift only
Mason and carpenter same field

The prescribed complaint register and workers diary shall be provided by the
tenderer and these shall be neatly maintained by tenderer. All complaints are to be
attended promptly and the complaints not attended in the same day shall be reported
to Site In Charge and carried forward to next day till these are not attended. The
complaint register should be got checked regularly by the Site In Charge.

After the expiry of the contract, the tenderer shall have to hand over complete
installation to the department in proper working order. All defect and deficiencies
shall have to be rectified by the firm to the entire satisfaction of the Commission
failing which the work shall be got done at the risk and cost of the tenderer.

. Any staff found missing from duty shall be marked absent and recovery shall be
made for the day at the rates given below. (It is the responsibility of the tenderer to
make alternative arrangement, in case any staff proceeds on leave / for reliever
duty), on failure, the recovery shall be made from the bill at the rate given below:

(a) Plumber/Carpenter/Mason @1600/- per day
(b)  Helper(Beldar) @ 1200/- per day

27

Maintenance of Electrical Installation on 24x7 hour basis as specified in Schedule of
Work and as directed by the Commission.

1. Scope of Work:-

0]

(i)

(iif)

(iv)

)

To attend day to day complaints of Internal E.I. & Fans, compound lights,
main boards, DB’s, compact rising mains etc. in following buildings,
maintenance of complaint register and worker diaries.

Taking steps for preventing maintenance

(a) Checking of DB’s main board, rising maintenance ctc.

(b) Checking and cleaning of fans and fittings twice a year or as required.
(c) Insulation test

(d) Earth test

Maintenance activities carried out as per schedule should be noted in the
maintenance register. When tests arc carried out the test result should be
recorded with appropriate identification reference.

Maintain the record of Solar Power Generation power plant, cleaning of
panels etc.

Cleaning and preventive maintenance of Solar water heater has to be maintained.
Tenderer has to arrange day to day consumable/minor/petty materials i.e Bulbs,
tubes, PVC wires, CFL, ballast, tubes, valves, pipes etc. required for attending the
complaints of electrical work and plumbing work etc. only for common services

and external areas by his own within his quoted rates. The quality/make of

material/item shall be same as originally installed or the equivalent make as
approved by Site-In-Charge. Nothing extra shall be paid to the tenderer on this
account.

2. All electrical consumables items are to be arranged by the tenderer as per BOQ. All tools,
tackles and machineries required for all electrical maintenance work shall be provided by
the tenderer and nothing extra shall be payable on this account.

3. Staff deployment and their qualifications.-The tenderer shall —depute qualified and
experienced staff as per requirement. Before starting the work the tenderer will submit list
of workers with their qualification and address etc.

The following staff shall be engaged by the tenderer on all days of the week including
Sundays and National Holidays (3 Nos):

'SL

No. Designation Nos. | Remarks

1 Electrician cum Wireman . 3 "One  for ecach shift
b~ Helper o - 1 | Onc for General Shift

28


The tenderer shall depute staff with minimum qualification and experience as detailed here
under:-

Wireman/Electrician:

Qualification: - He should have Passed ITI certificate/ Wireman license with minimum
3years experience.

Khallasi/Helper:

Should physically & mentally fit & must have minimum six months
experience in the line.

The prescribed complaint register and workers diary shall be provided by the contractor
and these shall be neatly maintained by contractor and staff. All complaints are to be
attended promptly and the complaints not attended in the same day shall be reported to
SITE IN CHARGE/Engineer in charge and carried forward to next day till these are not
attended. The complaint register should be got checked regularly from the Site In Charge.

The installed equipments shall be handed over on, as is where is basis, and nothing extra
shall be paid.

After the expiry of the contract, the firm shall have to hand over complete installation to
the department in proper working order. All defect and deficiencies shall have to be
rectified by the firm to the entire satisfaction of the Commission failing which the work
shall be got done at the risk and cost of the firm.

The tenderer shall maintain the register for DB checking, Fan checking & earth test.

Insulation test shall be done during monsoon season, as per clause of CPWD
specifications for Elect. Work Part- I, Internal —2005 as per the requirement.

Earth continuity test and earth electrode resistance test should be conducted during
summer season.

. Record the test result giving identification reference. If results are not satisfactory in any

part of the Installation, reason should be checked and corrective action should take
immediately.

. Any staff found missing from duty shall be marked absent and recovery shall be made for

the day at the rates given below. (It is the responsibility of the tenderer to make alternative
arrangement, in case any staff proceeds on leave / for reliever duty), on failure, the
(penalty) shall be made from bill at the rate given below:-

a) Wireman — @ Rs. 1600/- per day/per shift

b) Khallasi/Helper — @ Rs. 1200/- per day

25

ADDITIONAL TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR SUBHEAD III-A
(FIREFIGHTING AND WATER SUPLY PUMPS)

Scope of work:
The following activities are intended to be covered under this contract:-

a) Operation and maintenance of all fire-fighting, fire alarm & PA system installation
as specified in Schedule of Work or as directed by the Site in Charge or his
authorized representative on 24x7 hours basis.

b) Performing the daily/weekly/six monthly checks as detailed in Appendix ‘A’ and ‘B’
taking remedial action for proper maintenance.

During the weekly testing a particular block shall be taken up and all internal
cleaning of all equipments will be carried out.

el
~

d) Conducting of fire drills
Fire drill shall be carried out monthly for which care taker of Campus/ building shall
be informed and shall be involved in conducting fire drill. Operation of the system
shall be demonstrated so that all users are confident of the system and aware the
duties and responsibilities during fire. All the fire drills shall be recorded in a
register.

e) Healthiness of system.
The healthiness of the system in Automatic Mode shall be checked through daily
testing and hydrants and adjoining yard hydrants of the same block shall be operated
and checked, for automatic functioning of jockey and main electric pump.
During the subsequent week different blocks shall be selected so as to ensure that all
the internal hydrants and yards hydrants of a block is checked once in every month.
The details of such weekly testing shall be conducted in presence of site in charge to
the extent feasible and shall be recorded in register along with date, timing and
findings.

The tenderer shall maintain the log books of pumps and shall be checked by Site-in-
Charge as per SOP. The tenderer shall take over the site as per inventory before
starting the work and will return the same in working conditions after completion of
work.

f) Fire Alarm and PA system: - The operation and routine maintenance of the same has
to be ensured by agency on 24x7 hours basis. Routine inspection/ testing of Fire
Alarm, Smoke Detectors, Amplifiers, speakers and mikes etc. must be done and
record of the same has also to be maintained.

g) Refilling of Fire Extinguishers will be arranged by the tenderer once in a year as decided
by the Commission. Also refilling of fire extinguisher will be arranged whenever used

30

during fire or mock drill etc. Expenditure on loading, unloading, transportation and
reinstallation of the Fire Extinguishers at the old or new location as decided by the
Commission shall also be the done by the tenderer on his own cost.

h) All Consumables petty material required for periodical servicing of all water supply
pumps, jockey pumps, diesel pumps etc and fire fighting installations etc are in the scope
of tenderer and nothing extra shall be payable on this account. The Control Room shall
be maintained round the clock by the contractor.

Fireman shall check the yard hydrants internal hydrants and sprinklers system daily
and take care of the installation for watch &ward purpose.
All dismantled material shall be deposited to the CIC.

Diesel oil for running the engine pump shall be arranged by the tenderer and its cost
will be reimbursed on production of original bill as per actual consumption as per
BOQ.

Remarks and observations regarding maintenance/ malfunctioning of wet riser,
yard hydrant sprinkler, fire fighting pump and panels, accessories recorded in
the log same shall be got rectified by the department at the risk and cost
of the firm without entering into any correspondence and necessary recovery
shall be made from the bill of the contractor.

Staff deployment and their qualification

The contractor shall depute the following staff with minimum qualification and
experience as detailed here under for operation of water supply pump set, wet riser
and sprinkler system:-

For Fire Fighting System

i) Fire operators (Round the clock on all days of the week including Sundays and all
holidays) — 3 Nos. (One in each shift) Total — 3Nos.

For Water Supply Pumps

i) Pump operators-(in One Shift on all days including Sundays and holidays ) — 1 Nos.
(One in General shift) Total — 1Nos.

Fire pump and water pump Operator

Experienced worker having experience of 3 years in the operation of wet riser /Sprinkler
system or had undergone certified course in “Fire Fighting System” only for fire pump
operators.

Penalty shall be imposed for non availability of manpower as:

Fire Operator & Pump Operator : Rs. 1600 per day/ per shift.

31

Appendix ‘A’

MAINTENANCE JOB INVOLVED IN FIRE FIGHTING
FITTING & SPRINKLERS

Siamese connections

Operational testing by arranging water from nearest available yard hydrants. External
and internal cleaning of cabinet from all sides i/c partitions cleaning the accessories
fitted inside the cabinet, checking the tightness of nuts bolts, locked close and locked
open the slice valve and closing off of Siamese cabinet. Polishing of gunmetal part.

Yard Hydrants

Fully lock open and closing of hydrant valve, applying grease inside the female
coupling polishing of gunmetal parts, adding the asbestos gland, if required
checking the tightness of nuts bolts, cleaning inside and outside the hydrant box,
vertical pipe, hydrant valve. Testing and checking of pressure of water.

Sprinkler system alarm bell
To open the valve fully open. Test the bell, its nuts bolts, its tightness attending
leakage if any and close test valve of sprinkler alarm valve.

Sprinklers sluice valve

Cleaning the sluice valve. Fully closing the valve and then fully locked open the
valve in its original position. Removing the packing and inserting new gland packing
if required greasing, checking the tightness of nuts bolts gasket etc.

Internal Hydrant

Polishing of gun metal parts applying grease inside the female coupling, to open and
close 2 Nos. head valves (landing valves) checking the tightness of nuts bolts. If
found necessary to replace internal rubber scat gasket or flange insertion, clean the
dirt and dust from valve.

Hose Reel

Unrolling, re-polling of hose tube to open and close, the shut off nozzle, gate valve,
tightening of different clamps, nuts bolts, cleaning of complete hose reel, polishing
of nozzle applying grease outside adopter.

Branch pipe &Nozzle :

Taking outside the branch pipe from shaft (enclosure) cleaning branch pipe nozzle
and re fixing it in its place.

Canvass Hoses

Taking hose outside the cabinet/ shaft unrolling of fire hose dry it in sum shade
dusting it with French chalks powder, polishing of an coupling, changing of spring
‘O’ ring where required of female and coupling, re-rolling and putting it back in to
shaft/cabinet/position.

Cabinet and shaft

Cleaning of clear glasses, cleaning and dusting off the interior of shaft/ cabinet
complete as well as exteriors, cleaning of the risers, removing the spiders web cte. &
replacement of broken glasses.

32

10.

LA

12.

13.

14.

Air Vessel

Cleaning of exterior of air vesscl, draining out of accumulated water from air
vessel, replacement of defective pressure gauge, maintenance of small valve
checking welded joint/ leakage of air vessel and attending to the leakages by
welding etc. as required.

Cut-off valves

Cleaning the sluice valve chamber, (where required) by way of removing the
garbage, slit from inside the chamber. Fully closing the valve and then they fully
open it and lock it in its original position). Removing the old gland packing,
greasing, checking the tightness of nuts bolts as required.

Sprinklers examination and cleaning

Cleaning the dust and other foreign materials, if any, from overhead pipe line and
sprinkler heads, applying polish as per requirement on sprinkler heads checking the
pressure of pipeline.

None return valve

To check for the leakages and to replace the gasket as required.

Drain valve

Polishing to open and close it fully, checking of leakages etc.

38

Appendix — ‘B’

PERIODICAL TESTING AND MAINTEANNCE

CHARGE
s. ] System Component : ‘;Activjtics = Duration
1. | Water Tanks (i)  Level check Daily
(ii) Test Flow Annually
} (iif) Lubrication Quarterly
2, | Engine | () Running Daily
‘ (i) Lubrication Quarterly
(iii) Battery Weekly
' (iv) Fuel Tank Daily
3. 3 Motor | @ Running Daily
(ii) ~ Starter Weekly
(_i_iij Insulation Once in a year
4 | Piping () Pressure Daily
| (i)  Flushing Once in a year
5. ‘ Valves (i)  Operation Monthly
| (Landing and Isolation)
6. | Control System (i)  Operation Monthly
N 1Gi)  Connection Quarterly |
7. ' Hose Reel and Hose pipes ' (6))] ﬁi’hysical check Monthly
‘ (if)  Operation check Annually
8. Fire Brigade Connections/ Inlet (i)  Physical check Monthly
(ii) Operation check Annually
(iii) Lubrication Monthly
9 : Instantancous | (i) PB;sical check Monthly
(i) Lubrication Once in six
Months

34

Sub Head III B. (D.G. SETS AND SUB-STATION)

1. Type of work involves Operations, Testing & routine maintenance and periodical
servicing of sub-station equipment comprising of Transformers, HT Panel, LT Panel,
RTCC Panel & Capacitor Panel etc. and DG Sets on 24x7 hours basis.

2. Scope of work &General

No. Item Frequency
1 Checking of working of instrument Daily
2 Checking of neutral and earth connections Daily
3 Physical inspection Daily

The maintenance work shall be done as per Rules & specifications of CPWD and as
per LE. Rules and acts as amended up to date.

The tenderer’s personnel will be required to maintain the log book and other records
as prescribed by CIC.

All installations and Sub Station rooms shall be kept clean and safe from risk of
fire/theft/accidents and damage etc.

3. The major repair of following nature are also in scope of work of contact:-

a) Major repair of switch gears cables

b) Major repair of Sub-Station equipment/ installation such as ACB’s switch gears,
change of HRC Fuses, repair of transformers, HT cables bus trucking, PT
&CT’s.
However, the contractor shall intimate immediately without loss of time to site
Engineer for occurrence of such faults.

4. Staff Deployment & their qualification for operation of Sub Station and
D.G. Set.

Following staff should be deputed for this work.
D.G. Set operator — 3Nos. (One in each shift) on all days including Sundays & holidays.

Minimum Qualification: Operator shall have passed minimum 10" and having
experience of 3 year for operation & minor maintenance of DG Sets.
Penalty shall be imposed for non availability @ Rs. 1600 per day/per shift

35

5. Execution of Work

Before starting the work the tenderer shall take over the inventory, any short comings
noticed at the time of taking over shall be brought to the notice of CIC for suitable decision.
Failing which it shall be presumed that the site has been taken over in perfect working
order. After completion of the work against the agreement, the Inventory shall be handed
over as per direction of the Commission or his authorized representative. In case any short
fall or damage to the installation is noticed, the tenderer shall make good of the same with
the same make of equipment or as per direction of the Commission, failing to do so, the
recovery shall be made from the bill of tenderer.

The tenderer shall make his own arrangement of tools for maintenance of Sub
Station equipment. Further T&P required at the site shall be arranged by the tenderer &
following T&P shall always be available at the site of work.

a) Tong tester

b) Gloves- 2Sets

c) First Aid Box

d) Crimping Toolkit
e) Meggar (SKV HT and 500 volts LT)
f)  Spanner Set

g) Screw Driver set
h) LN Keyset

i)  Earth Tester

j) Blower

k) Torch

Tenderer shall arrange all Tools & tackles and machineries required for operation and maintenance
work within his quoted rates.

The routine preventive maintenance of Sub-Station equipment set shall be carried out during
holiday/Sunday without disturbing the office working of client department.

The following work should be carried out once a year through special technical staff:-

Complete servicing of HT Panel & LT Panel. All LT panels and HT panels will be opened
after getting shut down and cleaned thoroughly. All nut & bolts of LT & HT panel, bus
trucking shall be tightened. Proper insulating tape to be used where the PVC insulation is worn
out.

Diesel/fuel etc for operation and testing of D.G. Sets will be provided by tenderer
and its cost including transportation will be reimbursed on production of original
bills as per actual consumption and DG Log Book and shall be reimbursed as per
BOQ prime cost.

36

Testing & Routine maintenance

1) The D.G. Set operator shall test the D.G. Set on no load daily in the morning for 5
minutes run and D.G .Set shall operate in case of failure of normal electric supply from BSES.

m) Cleaning of D.G. Sets, checking of battery, connection level of water in radiator &
battery etc.

37

10.

The scope of work includes operation of 4 nos. of lifts i/c general upkeep of lifts and
lift machine rooms.

The lift car shall be swept and cleaned daily. Following daily checks shall be

performed and recorded before putting the lifts in operation:-

Landing Locks

(i) Movement of car with gate open.

(if)  Try to open the gate when car is moving.

Car gate switch

(iii) ~ Movement of car with gate open

(iv)  Open the gate while car is moving

(v)  Door operation safety, functioning of emergency stop button, call bell, car lights
ete.

The lift operators engaged by tenderer should have minimum 3 years experience in

operation of lifts. and he must be conversant with the safety devices relating to lifts.

The lift operators should be polite and courteous to users of lift. In the event of
any complaint about the misbehavior, tenderer shall replace the operator with another
suitable operator.

The lift operators should be available in the lift, all the time during duty hours. The lift
operators working in shift duties shall not leave the lift till his reliever turns up for duty.

The tenderer shall make alternate arrangement in case of absence of any lift operator,
failing which a recovery shall be made at the rate of Rs. 800/~ per operator/shift per
day.

After checking the safeties; operator shall make necessary entries in log book of lift
(supplied by the firm).

Necessary remarks regarding Non-functioning of lift, repair carried out etc. should be
recorded by the operator and reported to Site-in-Charge.

Any break down should be immediately reported to the firm to whom maintenance
contract is awarded by the tenderer, and the matter should be immediately reported to
SITE IN CHARGE concerned. Necessary entries in the maintenance register indicating
time of occurrence of fault; nature of fault, time of its rectification etc. should be
recorded.

Checklist as per logbook should be filled as per schedule i.c. daily check, weekly
check, monthly check, quarterly check, annual check etc.

The tenderer shall obtain the Lift License from the Electrical Inspector after expiry
of the existing one. The same must be got before date of expiry. The fees submitted
to authorities for obtaining license shall be reimbursed to agency on production of
receipts. No claim on account of liaisoning for this work shall be entertained.

38

11.

12.

13.

1

Any accident involving damage to human life, lift machinery equipment etc. due to
mal-operation of lift, by the staff of the tenderer, will be the responsibility of the
tenderer. The tenderer has to make good the losses, by way of replacement of
machinery, equipment, compensation to the person etc. The decision of the
Commission in this regard shall be final and binding on the firm.

In case of breakdown or stopping of lift between the landings on account of any
interruption in power supply or some other reason the rescue operation shall have
to be performed by the lift operator within short period.

All consumables required for maintenance work such as tube light chock & fans
etc. in the lifts are in the scope of work of contractor and nothing extra is payable
on this account.

Time Schedule for Operation of Lifts.

Lift Operators — 4 Nos. (Shifts as decided by CIC) on all days of the week
except Sundays and National Holidays(3 Nos.).

Penalty shall be imposed @ Rs 1600 per day for non availability of Lift
operator.

39

Additional Terms & Conditions for Sub Head III-D (VRV/ ACS)

1. Scope of work: The following activities are intended to be covered under this contract:-

a) Operation and maintenance of VRV/AC as specified in Schedule of Work or as
directed by the CIC

b) Performing the daily/weckly/six monthly checks & taking remedial action for
proper maintenance.

2. Deployment of Manpower:- The tenderer shall depute the following staff with
minimum qualification and experience on all days of the week except Sundays and
National Holidays (3 Nos), as detailed here under for Operation of Air Conditioning
System comprising of VRV Units:-

Operator (General Shift) — 02 Nos. (One for each of two shifts) — Total: - 02 Nos.
Khallasi (General Shift) — 01 Nos. (One for one shift) — Total: - 01 Nos

Minimum Qualification:
a) Operator
Experienced worker having experience of minimum 3 years in the operation of
similar type of Air Conditioning System i/c VRV units.

b) Khallasi:

Khallasi should be physically fit and must have 6 months experience in this line.
Penalty shall be imposed @ Rs 1600 per day for non availability of Operator
and @ Rs 1200 per day for Khallasi.

In case of non complying with requirements or rectification of breakdown under
CAMC/AMC head by the contractor within 24 hours (exclusive of any major fault,
which may require complete overhauling of multiple interconnected system), deduction
shall be made as penalty on pro-rata basis under particular head of the AMC/CAMC till
rectification.

40

Additional Terms & Conditions for Sub Head-III-E

(IT & AV System, Fire Alarm, EPABX, CCTV, BMS and other Low Voltage
Works etc.)

1. Scope of work: The following activities are intended to be covered under this contract:-

a) Operation and maintenance of installations viz. IT & AV System, EPABX System,
Fire Alarm, BMS, UPS, Public Address System, CCTV and other Low voltage
Works etc. ,and, or, as specified in Schedule of Work or as directed by the
Commission.

b) Performing the daily/weekly/six monthly checks & taking remedial action for proper
maintenance.

c) O & M work shall be done as per agreement and as directed by Engineer-in-charge.

d) All consumables petty materials are in the scope of the tenderer and nothing extra
shall be payable on this account.

2. Deployment  of Manpower:-The tenderer shall depute the following staff with
minimum qualification and experience as detailed hereunder:

Building Management System (BMS) Operator (one for ecach of three shifts for all days
including Sunday and holidays) — 03 No.

IT Engineer (For general shift for all days except Sunday and national holidays) — 01 No.
IT Technician (For general shift for all days except Sunday and national holidays) — 02 Nos.

EPABX Technician (For general shift for all days except Sunday and national holidays) — 02
Nos.

Qualification:-
BMS Operator

Experienced worker having experience of 3 years in the operation of BMS &
LV Works.

IT Engineer

A Computer Science / I'T Engineering graduate and must having 2 years experience in
same field.

Technician

ITI/ Diploma in respective field with minimum experience of 3 years in the
operation of IT & AV/ EPABX or relative field.
Penalty shall be imposed @ Rs 2000 per day for non availability of IT
Engineer and @ Rs 1600 per day for operators and technician.

In case of non complying with requirements or rectification of breakdown under
CAMC/AMC head by the contractor within 24 hours (exclusive of any major fault, which
may require complete overhauling of multiple interconnected system), deduction shall be
made as penalty on pro-rata basis under particular head of the AMC/CAMC till
rectification.

41

3. AMC OF ALL LOW VOLTAGE/IT ITEMS and Systems:

Item description

Sr. No. | Description of Items(With Make) Nos.

1 Siemens Fire Alarm Syst;c;m 1

2 Tyco CCTV and NVR (Camera) 1

3 BMS Systcm (Sicmcnsv)— 1

4 PA System (Heinrich) 1

S Video Cg)}i-f:c;encing in 11 court rooms (Polycom) = 1

6 UPS System(Pagasus) L ) ] 1

7 EPABX System 1

8 Podium e SRl [ T, Sy 1 )
9 Networking - ) T B

EMERGENCY BREAKDOWN:-

In case of any breakdown of the system certified person will visit the site within 24 working
hours.Equipment will be thoroughly inspected and repaired, on working days.

For major work the time is a major parameter and the breakdown shall be completed within stipulated
time as decided by the Commission and if delay in work recovery of same shall be made as decided by
the Commission.

For any major replacement of part of any system is not covered under this head but this shall be the
responsibility of tenderer to arrange the same on basis of actual reimbursement of the part. The
material / major part replaces shall be same make as installed.

Tenderer must submit Authorization letter from OEM with the tender for Low Voltage/IT Items.
Terms and Condition of the agreement must be as per the standards of OEM and site requirements.

42

Additional Terms & Conditions for Sub Head IV (Horticulture)

The Scope shall include but not limited to the following:

o All horticultural works shall be undertaken in a manner so as to maintain a pleasing, tidy
appearance;

e All trees, perennial plants and shrubs shall be maintained so that they are in healthy
growth:

¢ Trees and shrubs shall be kept to an acceptable height and form and are to be pruned in
accordance with good horticulture practice;

o Plants or shrubs shall not obstruct or encroach, pedestrian or vehicular traffic routes;

e All rose beds, shrubberies, herbaceous borders, hedgerows, other garden areas etc. shall
be clear of litter, weeds, leaves, suckers, dead flower heads, rubbish, animal fasces and
other debris, and remain in neat and tidy condition at all times.

o All plants / trees and shrubs etc., which have or appear to be dying, should be removed
and replaced as soon as possible following removal of dead plant(s) by a suitable
replacement.

o Vertical Garden/ wall should be so maintained that a pleasing and tidy appearance.

e In vertical wall if plants dry it shall be replaced within stipulated time as described by
site in charge of CIC/owner.

o All tools, tackles, machines, scaffolding, jhula and Zig & fixtures required to maintain
green wall and other horticulture works shall be arranged by the tenderer. Nothing extra
shall be payable on this account.

Tenderer shall engage experienced and required number of skilled workers as mentioned in
the specifications familiar with the landscaping operation for undertaking landscaping and
gardening work at site premises covered under the contract and shall develop and maintain,
garden, trees, outdoor and indoor plants on regular basis and shall arrange all durables,
consumables, tools, equipments and machines required for gardening / maintenance.

The maintenance shall include watering, manuring, fertilizing, plant protection from pests
and diseases, sweeping, weeding, removing and disposal of garden refuse, cultivation and
cutting of edges, pruning and clipping of hedges etc. and minor repair works and all other
landscape operations necessary for the proper growth for garden features and maintaining
them in proper standard of maintenance. The rates are inclusive the cost of manure, fertilizer,
pesticide, good earth, and all required tools & tackles viz. Grass Cutting machines, water
pipes etc. required to maintain the Horticulture Services.

The tenderer shall provide seasonal plants and flowers & changing of green wall plants
whichever is required quantity as approved by engineers in-charge. Cost of providing plants
will paid as per BOQ prime cost.

Money Plants and other plants in green wall shall be replaced quarterly wherever needed
including removal of grass/weed and dry leafs.

Deployment of Man Power:- The tenderer shall depute the following staff with
minimum qualification and experience as detailed here under for O&M of Horticulture
works for general shift on all days of the week except Sundays and national holidays:-

43

Gardener- 01 Nos.
Helper/ Khallasi — 01 Nos.

Penalty shall be imposed @ Rs 1600 per day for non availability of
Gardner and @Rs. 1200 per day for helper.

a4

Additional Terms & Conditions for Sub Head V (Housekeeping)

A) For Maintenance of Mechanized Housekeeping

1.

Scope of Work And Manpower Requirement:

The tenderer will provide all cleaning materials/consumables like liquid soaps, detergents,
phenyl, chemicals, dusters, dhotis, jharus, wipers, toilet cleaners, glass cleaning chemical,
R-2, R-6, cockroaches killing sprays, room fresheners, bucket, M-seal, odonil, room
freshener, tissue papers, toilet papers etc& other cleaning and petty materials required for
housekeeping maintenance. Tenderer rates shall be inclusive of above tools & tackles,
machinery. Nothing extra shall be payable on account of machine & equipment’s. His
rates shall also include all running, operations and maintenance of the machines /
equipment’s. These machines / equipment’s shall be made available at site for all times
using the same at any moment.

Materials (consumables) used shall be ISI quality or of approved quality from CIC only.

Details of provisional (tentative) deployment of manpower for the said work on all the
days of the week:

S. No. Category of Worker Qty |
Supervisor (minimum graduate pass and havin
experience of minimum 2 years in similar work
or have done any relevant course in hospitalit 01
services with one year experience )
2 Housekeepers 16

Penalty shall be imposed @ Rs 2000 per day for non availability of

House Keeping Supervisor and @ Rs. 1200 per day for house keepers.

The duty hours and shifts will be fixed by the Commission and the tenderer may note that
the above proposed requirement is tentative and may change as per requirements of the
Commission from time to time. Means the deployment of Manpower shall be strictly as
per Commission’s direction. Few categories of manpower may not be required at all for
which decision of CIC shall be binding on the agency.

All tools and tackles are to be arranged by the tenderer at his own cost and nothing extra
will payable on this account. All consumables chemicals etc. required for the cleaning of
the buildings to kill cockroaches etc. are to be arranged by tenderer and nothing extra shall
be paid to him.

The agency should ensure that their all employees while on duty should be in proper
uniform.

45

7. Garbage and malwa collected from the site should be deposited in the approved
CIC/NDMC/MCD Garbage collection Center. All responsibility of disposal of malwa
through its own transport shall be of the tenderer at its own cost.

DETAILS OF THE MACHINERIES REQUIRED TO BE BROUGHT FOR
SITE/MAINTENANCE WORK
SL. DESCRIPTION OF ITEM ' Qty.
NO. 5.,
I Electric operated Vacuum Cleaning machine of approved make, as 1 No.
per the requirement ,with flexible wire of 100meter
2. Scrubbihg/ I;ul:ﬁ;ng/ fho;;f)ing machine of flexible Wire of 100 2 No.
mtrs.
3. | Pressure water Jctflcamng Machine of épproved make with | 1 No.
flexible wire of 100 mtrs. s U] -
4. Portable Air blower 1 No.
5 | Aluminum ladder / qzafféldlﬁé/euspcnslgn/ jhufa for fagade vt':leaning 1 No.
with all safety measures required.

All the machineries/equipment’s as above or more required for the project shall have to be
arranged, maintained & operated by the tenderer at no extra cost. Any other machinery not listed
above, but required for housekeeping/ cleaning purpose, the same has to be arranged by tenderer
within his quoted rates. Nothing extra shall be paid to him on account of the same.

il.

iii.

Vi.

Vii.

SCOPE OF SERVICES FOR PESTCONTROL.:

Residual Spraying for control of Mosquitoes, spiders etc. in the Lift Lobbies, AHU
Rooms, Electrical Rooms, Basement, Toilets, Staircases, Common areas, All other
Service Rooms, Sub-station, office space, residential spacesuit.

Larvicidal Spraying for control of Mosquito & Fly Larvae in Drains Manholes in
basement, substation, STP plant, in and around the building and Common areas etc.

Daily spraying for control of General pests in and around the building, Lift lobbies,
around floor, Main Entrance etc.

Rodent control for control of Rats, Mice etc. in entire building including basement,
Cable Trenches, Electrical Rooms, AHU Rooms, Substation, All the shafts Rooms Etc.
Disinfestations services in and around the building.

Honeycomb removal as and when required.

Frequency of mosquito control is daily and for rodent control and pest control should be
weekly.

46

All other services not listed in the categories pertaining to the building regarding pest
control shall come under the purview of pest control. These activities shall be carried
out as & when required but at least once a month and a proper record maintained.

SCOPE OF SERVICES FOR FACADE CLEANING:

a) Cleaning of fagade structure of building should be done once in a month or as
directed by Engineer in charge/ Client (CIC).

b) Fagade glasses should be clean with keep in mind of all safety measures and if any
casualty/ damage takes place it should be whole responsibility of contractor.

c) All tools tackles Spider Jhulla/ Scaffolding whichever is required shall be arranged
by the contractor at its own cost.

d) Quality of cleaning is verified by site in charge/CIC, if found not satisfactory
recovery of same shall be made as decided by CIC.

e) All materials, tools & tackles, machines, scaffolding, ladder required for cleaning of
facade and other elevational area of the building.

f) While cleaning fagade dome glass all safety precautions shall be checked then work shall be
started after signing of supervisor/FM who checked the safety.

g) Contractor has to ensure that fagade cleaner are in well condition and free from toxic
drugs/alcohol ete before start of work.

h) A proper log book of safety shall be prepared by contractor in which safety is checked by
supervisor and counter checked by facility manager and after counter checking by facility
manager the work may be started.

47

Additional Terms & Condition for sub Head VI (CAMC/AMC Work)

1. CAMC OF VRV UNITS ( Make: Daikin)

The Comprehensive maintenance of VRV units will be carried out by the executing contractor
during the completion period. Routine maintenance shall include cleaning of the machinery and
outdoor units, piping, drains, etc. during this period as per schedule. Liaisoning with CAMC
Vendor/Executing Contractor and Day execution of CAMC shall be responsibility of the
Tenderer.

Tenderer must sign CAMC Contract with DAIKIN or Authorized dealer of DAIKIN for CAMC
works of VRV Units copy of the same shall be furnish in the office of CIC immediately. Terms
and condition of the agreement must be as per the standard of DAIKIN and as per site
requirements. Approval of terms and condition with inclusion and exclusion of the contract must
be obtained from the Commission before signing the agreement with DAIKIN / Dealer.

The following services will be provided and parts replaced free of cost in case of any breakdown:

A) Services:

1. 4 (Four) routine services in a year

2. Immediate attendance of break down, if any
3. Refrigerant Gas charging, if necessary

B) The Following Spare Parts Shall be replaced free of cost in case of any breakdown during the
AMC period
1. Compressor 2. Fan Motor 3. P.C.B. 4. Magnetic Switch 5. Transformer 6. Other Electrical
Parts OF AC

The cost of same shall be paid to agency as per schedule of work CAMC/AMC head after
starting of said work. All material, consumables, refrigerant gas required for Servicing and
CAMC shall be arranged by the tenderer within the quoted rates.

48

SCOPE OF WORK FOR VRV

Daikin VRV Air-conditioning (520) HP system is installed at Office of Central
Information Commission Building, Baba Gangnath Marg, Munirka, New Delhi.

1. The scope and nature of services to be provided by the contractor shall include

scheduled preventive maintenance service which cover periodic and break down

servicing.

2. Checking and servicing of AC units 4 (four) times in a year.

3. Attending of any breakdown call made immediately on receipt of verbal / written
complaint during office hours on all days. The time for rectification of defect shall not

exceed 24 hours in any case.

4. Free of charge replacement of any component / part of air-conditioner including
consumables, compressor, found defective after the checks and tests during the
contract period.

a) Refrigerant Gas
b) Lubricating oil for compressor systems
c) Packing / Couplings / gaskets / insulation material / other general spares.
d) All electrical spares e.g. Fuses / Relays, contactors, Condensers etc.
e) Indoor units Filter /Belts / Bearings / Valves / Other spares etc.
1. Refrigerant Gas charging, if necessary.
2. Providing a service unit, free of charge, during the repair of AC unit in the workshop.

3. The servicing and maintenance shall be carried out without disturbing the normal
functioning of the Board.

4. The history sheet of servicing / breakdown / repairing of each and every unit shall
be maintained by the tenderer. A copy of report shall be submitted along with the
bill subsequent to the servicing activity to the Board.

5. All tools & tackles, manpower, transportation and other resources required for

executing the job shall be in the scope of the tenderer. No extra charges will be
paid by the authority regarding tools & tackles, manpower, transportation etc.

49

6. Spares of compressor, control pancl card, Software etc. which may be required
during maintenance of the all the system will have to be supplied by the tenderer
as per instruction of the Authority.

7. The Vendor has to maintain a maintenance register during each visit mentioning
what kind of job has been done during that visit. Tenderer also has to provide
maintenance report.

8. The vendor shall depute a single person who will control this Annual maintenance
work, so that authority can contact him for any kinds of problem of the all system.

Monthly Maintenance:-
1) Maintenance of all filters, fans, diffusers, cooling coils, Refrigerant Gas make up etc.
2) Tightening of belts, foundation bolts of equipment, alignment of belt pulleys and couplings.
3) Examining indoor/outdoor units & operating linkage for smoothness.
4) To check the gland /seal, coupling of units.

5)To check the safety controls mechanical, Electrical/ Electronics and inter-
locking of the various equipments.

6)To check all piping/insulation/proper positioning/damage and rectifying the same
where ever required.

7) Inspect/check entire line for leakage and rectification of leakage, if any.

8) To check and lubricant (if required) the bearing of the fans/motors and keep the
proper record.

9) To check the foundation bolts of the units/motors and to take the necessary action
if required.

10) Check the quantity of Air flow from various out lets in each room/ Area as per
drawings and do adjustment of dampers etc as and when required.

11) Check the performance of equipment of VRV plant for proper functioning

12) Any other job required to be attended during course of Checking and to keep the
plant in perfectly working conditions.

Monthly Maintenance:
1) Checking / setting / rectification of all safety and automatic controls.

50

2) Complete Overhauling of indoor/outdoor units, FCU,Fans.

3) Maintenance of Fresh Air & Exhaust Air Fans and their Balancing, if required. Observe the
operation of all the dampers and make necessary adjustment in linkage and blade orientation
for proper operation.

4) Functional checks & calibration of all switches, thermostats, humidistat and other
instruments rectification of the same if required.

5) Any other job required to be attended during course of checking / as per OEM and to keep
the plant in perfectly working conditions.

6) Maintenance of all Electrical equipment Feeders, Panels, Bus Bars, Cubicles, Motors,
Heaters, Circuit Breakers, Power Points, etc. pertaining to HVAC as per standard electrical
maintenance practice and as directed by concerned maintenance engineer. The maintenance
and repairing of motors, Software re installation (if required) etc. are also within the Vendor’s
scope of work.

7) The gas charging in VR system will be executed by vendor, whenever required.

NOTE: All the equipments/installations shall always be kept in good and trouble free
operating conditions. All the required record for break-downs/repairs and maintenance etc.
shall be maintained in the form of history books and logbooks etc. as per directions.

1. TOOLS & PLANTS

All the general & special tools, tackles required for proper maintenance and repairs/break
down etc, shall be arranged by the tenderer at his own cost.

2. CONSUMABLES

The rates shall be all inclusive of establishment as well as spares and consumables as per
schedule of work. The tenderer is required to assess the probable quantity of all types of
spares and consumables likely to be required for replacement for keeping all the installations
in good working conditions and include the lump sum cost of these spares & consumables.
Nothing extra on any account shall be payable over and above the approved all-inclusive
comprehensive rates of the contract.

The consumables and spares shall be of best standard quallty purchased from the original
manufactures or authorized dealers only.

All spares and consumables shall be arranged by the tenderer for which nothing extra shall
be payable.

A list shall be prepared by the tenderer for major & minor spares consumables and the

51

decision of INFLIBNET regarding the major /minor consumables shall be final.

Replaced parts/ spares, used brunt oil etc will be property of vendor. It is his responsibility to
disposed of immediately.

52

Additional Terms & Conditions for sub Head VII (Security Services)

(24x7 Security Services)

A) For Security Services

The security agency shall perform the following duties in general within their quoted
rates on 24 x 7 hours basis.

1.

2
3.

e

9.

It shall be responsible for all thefts; pilferage of material and fixtures of the building
means CIC Building.

Check and verify the identity of all the visitors to the complex/CIC Building.

Check the vehicles entering into the complex and keep the record of their movement
in a register.

Check that the occupants park their vehicle only in their parking space and nobody
makes any mischief with their vehicle.

Shall not allow any item to enter or exit without proper gate pass duly signed by the
authorized representatives of CIC.

It shall keep the authorized representative of maintenance wing of CIC promptly
informed about ecach activity within the complex that is related to sccurity,
firefighting, theft, case of fire or any dispute within the complex.

Co-ordinate and assist the fire agency as required at no extra cost.

It shall keep in stock sufficient quantity of arms & ammunition, lathis, cane etc. to
meet out any kind of emergent situation. Nothing extra on this account shall be paid
for this.

It shall perform security mock drills on regular basis and report to this affect shall
have to be submitted to NBCC.

10. Depute the following workforce to attend to various jobs as per above scope of work.

SL. Description Qty Remarks / Experience
No. Duty and
Hours qualification
1 Security Officer 2 For
Morning As  directed
& Evening by CIC
Shift on all
days
2 Security 1 One  for As  directed
Supervisor cach shift by CIC
3 Gun man 3 One  for As  directed
with arms cach shift by CIC
4 Security 16 As As  directed
Guards directed by by CIC
_CIC )

53]


The above workforce shall work on all 365 days of year (except as stated in the
deployment schedule, necessary reliever for Sundays and Holidays shall be arranged by
the agency at no extra cost.)

11. The tenderer will provide the following material at site at no extra cost.

a) Sticks, search lights, searching mirrors for inspection of vehicles, gumboots, rain
coat, log book, stationeries etc. for security and maintenance of common areas.

12. The tenderer should keep additional workforce for relieving the others on holidays /
leaves and keep provision in their quoted rates for payment to their staff on account
of attending the site on Sundays (as the case may be) / Gazette / National Holidays.
Nothing extra over the quoted rates shall be paid on this or similar accounts.

13. The tenderer shall be responsible to supply the required workforce for the works as
decided by CIC. In case the number of manpower is on lesser side, at any point of
time, penalty shall be imposed as follows:

Security Officer @ Rs. 3000 per person per shift.
Gunman @ Rs. 2000 per person per shift.
Security Supervisor @ 2000 per person per shift.
Security Guard@ 1600 per person per shift.

14. The tenderer shall provide a foolproof security services in the complex. It shall be
responsible for all thefts and pilferage of material in the complex and such losses

shall be recovered from the dues payable to the agency.

15. Indicative Manpower Deployment Schedule (All Seven Days/8 Hours Duty)

[s. Déscr;t;onoiJ Mo}'ning.A ]f;cﬁing.‘ ngﬂt GeneralmT tal

No. | workforce Shift Shift Shift | Shift o
Security

. Officer 3 ; 3 2

5 Securlt.y I ) 1
Supervisor

3 Gun man 1 1 1 3
Security PSS P T Y f

4 Guards 6 6 4 16

Note: The tenderer shall have to quote the rate of guards considering availability of reliever
as above. Nothing extra shall be paid for the reliever on Sundays and Holidays.

54

16. Security Equipments/Facilities To Be Provided By The Tenderer (i.e Cost Of
Hiring Charges To Be Included In The Quoted Rates)

The tenderer will provide the following equipments/devices immediately but not later than
seven days after issue of LOI within the quoted rates. Nothing extra shall be paid to the

Agency/contractor for the same.

S. No. Descriptviibn;t‘:}-?quiiii;ié;t; n . B Q—t_y

1 Searching mirrors (5) Five
2 Walky lalky Eiuly licensed from DOT (Deptt. of] (7) Seven
| Telecommunication) B

3 Metal Detector LN B (5) Five

FEEDBACK FORM FOR SECURITY SERVICES AT CIC, BABA GANGNATH

MARG NEW DELHI AS ON DATE

Floor Allotee
S. Desc.rlptlon of Performance Signature
INo. | services
Very i
Excellent Good Fair Poor
good
1. | Parking Facility | el e S
2. :
Reception Guard
B Behaviors of
' Guards
General Remarks,
4. if any

55

Operation & Service Maintenance of Civil Installation, HT & LT Electrical Installation, Fire Fighting, Fire Alarm, Public Alarm System, DG Set, BMS
System, Lifts, VRV Systemt, STP, Water Pumps, Solar water Heater & Solar Power Genration System, IT & AV Scrvices,, Ior
including Green Wall, Mechanized Housekeeping, Security Services, Pest & Rodent Control etc. at Central Information Commission (CIC)

Building,Baba Gang Nath Marg, New Delhi.

culture Works

BILL OF QUANTITIES

S.No. Description of item of work

Unit

QrY

RATE IN RS.

AMOUNT IN RS

SH- 1 Civil Maintenance work

a)

Comprehensive maintenance services and upkeep of all internal and
external assets including under ground & over head tanks (twice in one
year in every six months) at CIC campus, complete with all materials
labour, T&P , machines , trucks etc. as required on all days including
Sunday and holidays comprising of following operations as per the details
of CIC Buildings with external services as per enclosed GCC, Special &
other conditions, specifications etc.complete and as per direction of the
engineer in charge.

Periodical cleaning & Maintenance of sewerage & drainage network
manually or using Pressure jetting machines twice in a year or more, if
required, including desiliting of gully traps, manholes, gratings, chocked
sewer line, water closet including all the vertical stacks of Sanitary and rain
water pipes of all sizes including khurrah twice in a year or more ,if
required, to the entire satisfaction of Engineer - in - Charge.

—l

<)

Maintenance and cleaning of chajjas,cornice basement, roofs, expansion
joints etc, and removing of cobwebs, bechives, vegetation including disposal
of slit, vegetation, malba etc. to the authorized dumping ground outside the
campus at the location approved by MCD/NDMC complete to the entire
satisfaction of Engineer - in - Charge.

.

d)

Maintenance and operation of water supply grid and valves in the entire
campus to keep the water supply system efficient and operational at all

times to the entire satisfaction and as per direction of the Engincer - in -
Charge.

Maintenance and repairing of Stone cladding, Central Structural Dome,
Sculptures,damaged doors, windows, ventilators of steel, aluminium, wood ,
PVC including replacement of broken glass panes etc. at all floors & heights
including repair/ replacement of necessary fittings & fixtures of approved
make and quality, wherever required to keep them in proper functional
conditions to the entire satisfaction of the Engineer - in - charge .

Maintenance and repair of plumbing system of the entire campus including
stopping leakages or over flow of water from PVC/RCC over head tanks
,cisterns and replacement of damaged fittings including CP Brass fitting, ball
cocks and G.I, PVC fittings sensor device etc. to keep the entire water
supply system efficient and functional to the entire satisfaction of Engineer -

in - charge .

g8

Maintenance and repair of internal & external plaster, flooring ,pavements,
masonry & RCC works, pointing on roof tiles, patch plaster on arca upto
2.5 sqm,CC gola including fixing of W.C. seat, gully trap, W.C trap, floor
traps and sealing of leakages from gully trap, W.C trap, floor trap, drainage
and vertical stacks, expansion joints etc. and restoration of existing
finishing in the affected areas to match with adjacent finishes and to the
entire satisfaction of Engineer -in - charge.

h)

Welding by electric plant including transportation of electric welding plant
at site to weld broken grills, hinges, doors, windows, gates, railing and any
other steel work in building, parks, boundary walls, ctc.complete as per
direction of Engineer -in - charge .

|

PER

Investigating causes of seepage / dampness/ leakage from roof, wall, floors,
pipes expansion joints of all kinds etc,, dismantling existing affected portion,
arranging required materials, labours, T&P, lift/ ladder or jhulla(if
required) including taking all necessary measures, rectification complete in
all respect in time bound manner to the entire satisfaction of Engineer - in -
charge .

MONTH

cic_Maint.

Page 10f 7

12

110475.61

1325707.35

Signature of the Tenderer

S.No. Description of item of work Unit QTY RATE IN RS. AMOUNT IN RS
5 Maintenance of cxisting water, unfiltered, STP effluent lines for meeting .
0 additional requireicnts or gardening ete,
Closing holes in wiills, ngs, floors or any wherelse including repairing
k) with cement mortar (o prevent entry of rats & others animals.
Recording & maintcnance of the complaints register received at service
) centres in person or through telephone or any other mode and assigning
the complaint to the workers of respective trade.
Preparing the abstract of attended / unattended complaints on daily,
weekly and month!y basis and submitting the same with reasons of
m) unattended complaints and action plan for redressal of pending complaint
to the Engineer in charge of NSL or his authorized representative.
Cleaning of RCC/PV( dri r storage Under ground & over head
tanks twice in a ycar or more if required, by adopting 6 stage process i.e
dewatering, sludge removal, high pressure cleaning, vacuum cleaning,
n) antibacterial spray and ultra violet-radiation including mentioning the date
of cleaning on cach k. complete in all respect to the entire satisfaction of
the Engineer-in-chirge.
B Painting kerb stonc , parking paint shall be done ,if required , as per
direction of Engincer in charge,
All inclusive comprehensive maintenance, repair/replacement of
motors/pumps/all water incoming/ outgoing lines and providing services
for running operation of water supply centrifugal /submersible pump sets
p) including associated motor, control panel, auto system, all the installation at
CIC Campus in two shifts on all days including Sundays & Holidays as per
terms and conditions and as per direction of Engineer -in-charge.
The contractor shall be mixing bleaching and chlorine of standard quality as
per requirement in the drinking water supply . The rate shall be inclusive of
9 Jall the material and operation, labour ete, involved.
Weekly preventive maintenance shall be essentially carried out by
9 deploying full tean on Saturday and Sundays to check each & every civil,
electrical, fire fighting, fire alarm, pumps items etc and maintained the
record . P
Any other works in connection with the smooth operation & maintenance
) work not mentioned above but required to be carried out with in the cost
and/ oralso as per direction of the Engineer -in - charge .
Boundary walls & maintenance of S gates including all glass automatic
t) sliding doors(Dorma : make) manual doors,Fire Exit doors, .
Sub Total s
: Total __L_ 1325707.35 A
D::lr;f SH- 11 Annual Repair Work(Civil)/special repair work (Civil)
13.87 White washing with lime to give an even shade
13.87.1_|0ld work (onc or more coats ) Sqm | 245000 1675 410375
13.98 Wall painting with plastic cmulsion paint of approved and manufacture to
ive an even shade L
13.98.1 | One or more coats on old work. sqm | 3000.00 84.65 253950
13.99 Painting with synthetic enamel paint of approved brand and manufacture of| —I
required colour (o give a1 shade :
13.99.1 [One or more coats on old work. sqm 2000.00 79.95 159900
13114 |Melamine polishing on wood work (one or more coat). sqm 200.00 110.75 22150
Cleaning of overhead water tanks or underground water tanks (inside
surface area) at all heights with coconut brushes, duster etc., removal of silt,
rubbish from the tank and cleaning the tank with fresh water disinfecting
with bleaching powder @ 0.5gm per litre capacity of tank, including
marking the date of cleaning on the side of tank body with the help of
stencil and paint and disposing of malba, all complete as per direction of
14.75A  |Engineer-in-Charge. (The old date already written on tank should be Per Liter | 640000.00 0.35 224000
removed with paint remover or black paint and if date is not written with
the stencil or old date is not removed deduction will be made @ Rs. 0.10 per
litre if during cleaning any Gl fittings or ball cock is damaged that is to be
repaired by contractor at his own cost and nothing extra will be paid
on this account.
[
Providing and laying in position cement concrete of specified grade
4.1 i , A
excluding the cost of centering and shuttering - All work up to plinth level :
114 l-:Z:4 (€8 Ccmm!l $ 2 coarse sand : 4 graded stone aggregate 40 mm nominal i 10.00 6680.2 66802
size) cum 5335.25
ac_Mmaint. Page 2.0f 7 Signature of the Tenderer


Description of item of work Unit QTY RATE IN RS.

. Providing and laying cement concrete in retaining walls, return walls, walls
(any thickness) including attached pilasters, columns, piers, abutments,

pillars, posts, struts, buttresses, string or lacing courses, parapets, coping,

bed blocks, anchor

blocks, plain window sills, fillets, sunken floor etc., up to floor five level,

excluding the cost of centering, shuttering and finishing:

1:1%:3 (1 cement : 1% coarse sand (zone-11I) : 3 graded stone aggregate 20

| AvountiNks |

|
|
|
|

422 mm Cum 10.00 8976.45 89764.5
nominal size
Centering and shuttering including strutting, propping etc. and removal of |
43 form for : |
4.3.1 __|Foundations, footings, bases of columns, etc. for mass concrete sqm 50.00 284.85 | 142425
Steel work welded in built up sections/ framed work, including cutting, |
10.25 hoisting, fixing in position and applying a priming coat of approved steel ?
[primer using structural steel etc. as required. L
10252 In gratings, frames, guard bar, ladder, railings, brackets, gates

and similar works kg 100.00 131 o 13100

Providing and fixing Ist quality ceramic glazed wall tiles conforming to |
15:15622 (thickness to be specified by the manufacturer), of approved
make, in all colours, shades except burgundy, bottle green, black of any size
831  |asapproved by Engincer-in-Charge, in skirting, risers of steps and dados, sqm 30.00 1030.3 30909
over 12 mm thick bed of cement mortar 1:3 (1 cement : 3 coarse sand) and
jointing with grey cement slurry @ 3.3kg per sqm, including pointing in
white cement mixed with pigment of matching shade complete.

Providing and laying vitrified floor tiles in different sizes (thickness to be

specified by the manufacturer) with water absorption less than 0.08%and
1141 conforming to IS : 15622, of approved make, in all colours and shades, laid
on 20mm thick cement mortar 1:4 (1 cement : 4 coarse sand), including
grouting the joints with white cement and matching pigments etc., complete
Size of Tile 600x600 mm sqm 50.00 150055 | 750275
Providing and fixing false ceiling at all height including providing and fixing |
of frame work made of special sections, power pressed from M.S. sheets and |
1245 galvanized with zinc coating of 120 gms/sqm (both side inclusive) as per IS
:277 and consisting of angle cleats of size 25 mm wide x 1.6 mm thick with
flanges of 27 mm and 37mm, at 1200 mm centre to centre, one flange fixed
to the ceiling with dash fastener 12,5 mm dia x 50mm long with
— SRS

6mm dia bolts, other flange of cleat fixed to the angle hangers of
25x10x0.50mm of required length with nuts & bolts of required size and
other end of angle hanger fixed with intermediate G.I. channels 45x15x0.9
mm running at the spacing of 1200 mm centre to centre, to which the
ceiling section 0.5 mm thick bottom wedge of 80 mm with tapered flanges
of 26 mm each having lips of 10.5 mm, at 450 mm centre to centre, shall be
fixed in a direction perpendicular to G.I. intermediate channel with
connecting clips made out of 2,64 mm dia x 230 mm long G.I. wire at every
junction, including fixing perimeter channels 0.5 mm thick 27 mm high
having flanges of 20 mm and 30 mm long, the perimeter of ceiling fixed to
wall/partition with the help of rawl plugs at 450 mm centre, with 25mm
long dry wall screws @ 230 mm interval, including fixing of gypsum board
to ceiling section and

perimeter channel with the help of dry wall screws of size 3.5 x 25 mm at

230 mm c/c, including jointing and finishing to a flush finish of tapered and
square edges of the board with recomme-nded jointing compound , jointing
tapes, finishing with jointing compound in 3 layers covering upto 150 mm
on both sides of joint and two coats of primer suitable for board, all as per
manufacturer’s specification and also including the cost of making
openings for light fittings, grills, diffusers, cutouts made with frame of
perimeter channels suitably fixed, all complete as per drawings,
specification and direction of the Engineer in Charge but excluding the cost

of painting with
12.45.1 ::‘i Imm thick tapered edge gypsum plain board conforming to IS: 2095 S 2413 1117.65 2697057
| 1017853557
3 SH-III Electrical and Mechanical Maintenance work

All inclusive comprehensive maintenance , upkeep of all electrical internal
& external installations, Lights, Fans, Geysers etc. as per details below at
CIC campus, New Delhi for all days in a month inclding holidays complete

a) with materials, consumables etc as per terms and conditions attached and
as per direction of Engineer -in-Charge.

cIc_Maint. Page 3 of 7 Signature of the Tenderer

S.No. Description of item of work Unit QTY RATE IN RS. AMOUNT IN RS
« Light points/ Fan pts/ Ex fan pts./ Call bell pts.
« 5 amp plug points .
« 15 amp power plug points
«20/30 amp Ind. Power plug points
« Telephone outlet, TV Outlet
» Telephone wire, 1V Wire e
 Fluorescent light littings
« All type of light fittings
« Ceiling fans
« Ex-fans
« Call bells
* SP,SPN, TP & TPN MCB Di¥’s with MCB's
* Bus Bars, Bus duct and Tap off box of different ratings

b)  Cable trays of diffcrent size

« 63 /100 amps TP & N Switch units PER 12 11235923 1348310.80
125 Amp. TP MC( MONTH i
« Street Lights, Solar Lights and compound lights with HPSV fittings, control
gears etc.
« All type of feeder pillars with switch gears etc.
« ALIT, LT, UG cables for strectlights.
« And others as desired by Engineer-in-charge.
o All panels i/c UPS Panels and common area lights Street light, pump
house, basement parking, STP etc.
« Lightning Arrestor System
« Earthing system

cic_Maint. Page 4of 7

Signature of the Tenderer

S.No. Description of item of work Unit QTY RATE IN RS. il AMOUNT IN RS L_
Pump House, UG Tank E & M installations

stallal

d Any other pumpset/ other n

Any other works in connection with the smooth operation & maintenance
work not mentioned above ,but required to be carried out with in the cost
and/ oralso as per direction of the Engineer -in - charge .

‘Weekly preventive maintenance shall be essentially carried out by

9 deploying full team on Saturday and Sundays to check each & every civil,
electrical, fire fighting, fire alarm , pumps items etc and maintained the

record .

SR E—
All Electrical and Consumables Items( material) Bulbs, cables,wires, Tubes,
Porch Lights,etc. are to be reimburse on actual basis including Taxes.

TOTAL OF INTERNAL ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS CARRIED OVER TO
ABSTRACT OF COST]|

LS. 150000.00

14,98,310.80 c

+—

Sub Head-IV (Maintenance of Horticulture )

a) Mali in Genral Shift in all days exept sundays and Holidays
b) Helper in Genral Shift in all days exept Sunday and Holidays(Unskilled). All
tools tackes shall be arranged by contractor within its quoted rates. PER 12 115468.00 1385616.00
MONTH ) ) v :
c) Proper Maintenance of Green wall and all horticulture of the building (CIC)

cutting, mannuring as per direction of engineer in charge

Total i D
Sub Head- V (Providing Mechanized Housekeeping Services Rre

1385616.00

b) Consumables like Duster, Soap, Dhoti and chemicals, wipers, brooms,
Phenyl, and other cleaning material for toilets (1..S.

Providing Pest Contiol Services, Rodent Control services, Fogging & |
Fumigation against mosquito & larva, Fly management services, termite PER
treatment etc. at CIC as per terms & conditions and direction of engineerin | N7y 12 586141.00 | 7033692.00
charge.(Mosquito control daily Pest & Rodent control weekly)

<)

) All fagade glasses should be cleaned once in a month including top dome
inside glass partitions etc.

Q Cleaning of OH/ UG Water Tank Cleaning of Sewer/ Drain Lines at least
twice in in year

Sub Total | 7033692.00

5(B) Providing Sanitization of campus

5(C) Providing Hand Sanitizer
Sub Total

240000 2.89
250

 693600.00 Paymentas
125000.00 cr actual
_818600.00 ¥

|
e
1

6 SH-VI: Operation of Specialized E & M equipments

Operation of domestic water supply pump in all working days (in Genral ]
Shift including saturday) and servicing of all pumps
Periodic Servicing of Water supply pumps on Quarterly basis and as when

) required.

9 All wat‘er lm.cs, motor .punj\ps, electrical wiring, intake, any other Pump l 12 39564.00 A74768.00
/machinery installed etc_in CIC Campus MONTH
Any other works in connection with the smooth operation & maintenance

a4 work not mentioned above ,but required to be carried out with in the cost

and/ or also as per direction of the Engineer -in - charge .

Fire Fighting System

Fire Pump Operator one for each shift (Skilled) on all days of weck
including Sundays and holidays

Periodic Servicing of fire fighting Engine, Motors and pump( Quarterly and
as & when required)

a)

b)

cIc_Maint. Page 5 of 7 signature of the Tenderer

[s:No. Description of item of work Unit__ Q1Y RATE IN RS, AMOUNT IN RS =
All inclusive compreh + maintenance of fire-fighting system i.e.
including providing services for operation of manual fire alarm, down .
comer system, Pumps intercom & Lift intercom, PA System in CIC Campus, PER
9 round the clock on all days ol the year including Holidays ( preventive MONTH 12 113692.00 1364304.00
maintenance shall be carricd out on weekly off days with no extra payment
)as per terms and conditions attached including periodical fire testing,
mock drill & obtaining fire clearance certificate as & when becomes due.
Weekly preventive maintcnince shall be essentially carried out by
d) deploying full team on Sunday to check each & every fire fighting, fire
alarm, pumps items etc and maintained the record .
C) ANNUAL RUNNI OPERATION OF EXTERNAL CTRIFICATION, ELECTRIC SUB-STATION EQUIPMENTS, DG
Running, Operation & service maintenance of - 02 nos. (02 nos. 250 KVA)
DG setat CIC Campus on 41l the days including Saturday, Sundays &
2 Holidays (with preventive maintenance maintenance ) complete with all
materials including Mobil oil, grease etc as per terms and conditions
attached.(HSD shall be supplied by the client free of cost)
DG Sets :
b) (i) 02 Nos. 250 KVA cach Set
1) 630 KVA Dry type indoor transformer
i) LT Panel for normal supply
9 ?il] LT I’ar.ml for -A-.Iu»r:um Supply, Per 12 122692.00 1472304.00
iv) Capacitor Pancl, month
v) HT Breakers and Strect Lighting vi)
DC Aux. Panel & MDB 3
a4 Street lights & Solar Light, Compound Lights, feeder pillars, Solar Heaters
and all power attached in whole campus.
Weekly preventive m 1ance shall be essentially carried out by
o deploying full team on Sunday to check each & every civil , electrical,fire
fighting, fire alarm , pumps items etc and maintained the record .
f) Servicing/ B -Check of the DG Sets in every Six months
h) Any other item(s)/ work(s) in connection with above shall be carried out
as per direction of the Engincer -in - charge .
TOTAL OF ANNUAL RUN & OPERATION OF EXTERNAL
ELECTRIFICATION, ELECTRIC SUB-STATION EQUIPMENTS, DG SETS, 1472304.00
SOLAR & ELECTRIC WATER HEATING SYSTEM CARRIED OVER TO )
ABSTRACT OF COST
D) LIFTS OPERATION
Providing services for running operations including cleaning and safety,
security, watch& ward inc ng cost of renewal of yearly license,
a) replcement of lamps, batterics,fans & other consumables of following lifts
onall d;{ys of l.)n' year including . aturday, Sunday & Holidays [lnchfdmg Per 12 97094.00 1165128.00
preventive & Comprehencive maintenance )as per terms and conditions. month
b) Three lift operator/technician in working days excluding Sunday &
National Holiday in man days ( as decided by Commission)
TOTAL OF LIFTS OPERATION CARRIED OVER TO ABSTRACT OF COST 1165128.00
E) ANNUAL REPAIR OPERATION & MAINTENANCE OF VRV Units
Allinclusive service maintenance including providing services for
operation of Four nos VRV unit of each of 32 HP & Fourteen VRV unit of
each of 28 HP in CIC Campus on all days of the year including Sunday &
Holidays ( including preventive maintenance and providing mechanic for
2 regular service) as per terms and conditions attached including .with all
materials such as refrigerant gas, PCB and all materials used to be used in Month 12 90883.00 1090596.00
good condition etc complete as per direction of Engineer-in -charge . (Make
:Daikin) =
CIC_Maint. Page 6 of 7 Signature of the Tenderer


S.No. Description of item of work Unit QrYy RATE IN RS. AMOUNT IN RS
‘ VRV Operator/mechanic(Two in Gen Shift including Saturday)
) Helper (One for General shift including Saturday) including
washing/cleaning filters & coils of AHU
Sub Total 1090596.00
) ANNUAL REPAIR OPERATION & MAINTENANCE OF of BMS System, of i =
IT & AV System Lo s !
Operation & Maintenance of the complete IT & AV System viz Server Room,
AUDITORIUM, IT Hub Room, Internet Services, Video Conferencing system,
) Telephones, Projector screening, Auditorium/ Multi Purpose hall, Library
and all other associated services relating to IT&AV Works during normal
working hours and round the clock (if required) on all the 7 days as per
terms & conditions and direction of engineer in charge.
58759. 3105108,
wy | Engineer,IT Technician Operator, EPABX Technician in General Shift menth 12 456723.00 1310800
excluding Sunday and national holiday
Operation of Operation and Maintenance of IBMS (Building Management
9 System), CCTV, Utility Monitoring, Lightening Automation System, Gas
Flooding System, Communication Backbone, LV works ctc. as per terms and
conditions and direction of engineer -in-charge.
Sub Total  3105108.00
Total for Specialized E & M Equipments 8672208.00 G
7 |Sub Head- VIl (AMC/ CMC of E & M Equipments) 0 B
a Comprehensive maintenance of all VRV units and immidiate repair in case cMC 12 232473.58 2789682.96
of breakdown( 32 HP -4 Units & 28 Hp - 14 Units) ls
b AMC of all low Voltage Fire Alarm System, BMS System, CCTV, Networking , AMC 12 221250.00 2655000.00
Video Conferencing,
c CAMC of Four Nos of elevators Make KONE & Schindler from OEM L.S. 12 37,500.00 4,50,000.00
Sub Total| 509468296 H
8 Sub Head-VIII (24x7 security services )
Round the clock surveillance, watch and ward at Central Information
Commission of common areas and properties including providing security e e
equipments on 24 x 7 hour basis including Saturday, Sundays and holidays Month 1 103473155 134767787 I
as per specifications and scope of work described in the tender documents.
SubTotal| 1217677857
Total(A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H+I) | | 39823449.25
8 CONSUMABLES & Prime Cost Items
Providing Diesel for DG Set for operation and routine testing of DG Sets and Adtil N
a same shall be paid to contractor on actual basis inclduing cost of s |15 210000.00 21000000
transporation No contractor profit is given in this head. . 23
Providing Seasonal Flowers and small plants for green wall reimburse as
per actual basis and as per direction of Engineer in Charge
Refilling of Fire Extinguishers
Batteries of D.G Set
NOTE: Contractor shall purchase the material required in the comptitive
rates quality of approved make as mentioned in the tender documents or as .
approved by Engineer in Charge i
e e L ement
b The contractor shall quote in prime cost item the percentage amount he on LS. 460000.04 460000.04
would charge over the actual cost of materials ( Prime Cost) Actual
Basis
The Contractor shall submit the original invoice / bills for the material
purchased. However rate fixed by engineer in charge shasll be final and
binding on the contractor . The primecost may vary and prime cost shall be
actual cost of material purchased with neccessary accessories etc.
Sub Total 670000.04 |
Grand Total Amount Inclusive of GST @ 12 % 40493449.3 |
cIc_Maint. Page 7 of 7 Signature of the Tenderer

